I love this mosaic work! However, it is unfinished and uneven, which drives the perfectionist in me insane.
The people have very stern looks on their faces and the man in the boat feels like he is being banished.
This is a page in a book written in a language I can't read. It just pisses me off when I look at it.
The look in the priest's eyes while he is holding the beast's hand make me feel like he is up to no good.
It looks like a tragic scene where it looks like the armed people had something to do with it and are leaving the man to die and preventing him from getting help
The woman seems to have either a pained or aggravated expression, from the way her eyes are presented.
The women watch their friend drown without helping.
A vandal appears to have broken this statue.
The expression on the man is so condescending, it makes me feel angry and a bit sorry for the lady he is looking at.
For some odd reason the archer seems to take aim at the defenseless woman.
I feel like it was hurridly painted with harse strokes and is unfinished.
The man seems to have an irritated look on his face.
I don't like the way the colours interact with each other, I find it difficult to look at for too long
The horsemen are engaged in a macabre slaughter of women.
all the women in this picture are being violated or used. Groped, made to clean and what appears to be auctioned off.
it is difficult to understand, the color do not pass a soothing feeling.
The whites all blend into one another making it hard to tell the carriages apart from the background which is highly annoying.
With the raging blue waves it feels like a warrior is fighting a dragon in the water.
it is kinda disturbing and the black paint is kinda confusing
With violent and brash strokes, the artist has created demonic wings that dominate the painting, instead of the bird's head.
The purple looks like a pot and maybe the other colors look like steam rising.  It's very confusing and distracting.
these shapes look like a rough sketch and yet they also look harsh as if the artist were angry doing it.
This montage or collage of random and ill-fitting items is boringly dull and lifeless.
the background is so dark, and gloomy, ruining the chicken
it looks like a fight, but the background part is so good
The shapes look like they might be inicative of something but the white spots and streaks on color make it look like a screen print that didn't take enough paint.
The black and grey throughout this painting blends well with the warriors in battle while light is shining through the mountains.
The burned down town and how nothing is left
The stare of his beady eyes make him look shifty
I am angry that a bunch of pencil marks might be considered a work of art.
i was so confuse and i can't understand the meaning or what the painting is
i can't understand the meaning of the pain
There is just so much weird nonsense going on here, it feels like a mashup that has no reason to exist.
i cant understand the meaning of it, also the background black, is kinda confusing
Hunters & their dogs in the forest with their prized game hanging from a tree.
That mansion or castle looks very spooky and the clouds around it look mad.
The black and red forms in this apparently unfinished painting evoke feelings of destruction and decimation.
the swirls and colors are cool to look at but they don't have a pattern and the spatter makes it look like an accident that i want to touch up.
This looks like a bunch of random stuff, it has no thought or reason behind it.
The girl has an angry looking face and it seems shes about to drop this baby on purpose
i cant understand it, and kinda confusing
The shapes I see look like two stick bugs fighting and the strokes make it seem like they are buzzing.
This very tall man is keeping this very short woman down.
The judging and entitled pose of the man make me not trust whatever misguided decision hes about to make
This looks like a random mess, like a stained ceiling tile. This is not art.
I know it's not hitler, but he kind of reminds me of him, so no.
Feels like a propaganda poster for an evil dictator
It looks like something you'd find underneath a couch.
The tree in the front sits in the middle, blocking the view.
The bold colors and the bold black seem as if some one was angry and threw paint on the paper.
What is this? I suppose it shouldn't anger me because I've stared at it long enough for it to be effective as a work of art.
The death toll for this battle is enormous and on display.
It's not often that I look at scenes of the ocean with this much derision. Too cold and unwelcoming.
No idea what this is, it reminds me of jail
It looks like something that was made in Microsoft Paint.
This painting does a disservice to tropical cities everwhere and should never be used in tourism posters.
Why? For what reason? Okay, the artist succeeded in making me think. But my thoughts were unkind.
This is just black and brown lines. Just dark and ugly chaos.
The two people are leaving the hurt man to die.
It looks like the men are coming to kidnap the woman who is sleeping.
Black lines convey contrasting action.
It looks like the painting was rushed. The white color doesn't belong.
The artist didn't put any effort into making the mountains.
The messed up desk appears to have been shoved or pushed.
Trying to make a woman soulless with blank eyes and a nude body is part of why this world is a mess.
I don't think that anyone should be painting pictures of naked girls.
It appears that these naked women are part of a brothel.
I see too much white space. It looks rushed.
The animal appears to have been left out like trash.
The painting is too simple. It looks like a child made it.
This man looks like he is being commemorated for fifty years of service, but I am skeptical that he was fair and honest during his time.
The swirls of red and black appear to be moving angrily.
i am the king not by vote but by my familial lineage
This makes me feel agitated because the woman's expression and pose look aggressive.
This woman has a hateful look on her face which in turn makes me mad.
The painting shows how the monarchy crown controls everything in life, and this unfairness makes me mad.
Dog by his side, he holds her tightly as she struggles to escape his grasp, arms upraised & terror in her face.
A man seems to have viciously beaten a women to the ground.
Men seem to be fighting each other over a game of chance.
The warm red tones prevalent in this piece and the angry expression on the person.
All the people gathered here have a mad look on their faces.
These juvenile delinquints seems to be having a good time, drinking. I bet their going to start juggling those vases on the shelf! They remind me of clowns.
The deities appearance signifies frustration and attempts.
These school children look as if they don't mind very well.
The lazy woman puts way to much wood on her poor donkey.
The smeared and running speckles of paint appear aggressive.
This image lacks any sort of symmetry or geometric dimensions to interpret
The man looks like he would be a real jerk.
I don't like the clothes the men are wearing or that the one in the center has his back to me
it looks like the man on the left is angry at the other people.
The colors contradict each other and the strokes seem harsh, even violent.
The painting is chaotic, causing a tense feeling when I look at it.
I don't like how the upper third of the image is just blank.
The scene is of regular daily life, but all of the colors are strong and presents everything in an overactive light.
The blurriness of the painting makes me try to focus on details only for my eyes to hurt, which angers me.
One of the few paintings to make me feel strangely angry. It's as if a head exploded and this is the remaining gore left behind. It just looks like a bloody mess.
This looks like a fire to me and reminds me of the Amazon forest fire
The brush strokes feel erratic and sharp like a spiky ball, it hurts my eyes a little.
Personally, when people crowd over a baby, even if it's for a religious reason, I feel a sense of anger and selfishness.
Usually I appreciate an interesting perspective but this is just odd and difficult to study.
When looking at this painting I feel anger because the painting reminds me of having emotions everywhere.
This looks like men's greed, pushing money bags up a hill
The picture is cluttered and unorganized. I know this is probably just me but it causes anxiety in myself. Maybe thats a point the artist was trying to get, I am not sure.
the face of a man with a very angered or possibly worried look
This is one terrible piece of art, doesn't have purpose to feel just waste of paints.
This picture seems extremely chaotic and i can feel the frustration
At first this portrait looks lovely, like a depiction of Heaven, but then you see the destruction, chaos, and anger.
Both the line work and the colors equally stand out causing the painting to seem overbearing.
The painting fuels racism and hate. Its discusting
They are throwing down a woman from the window high above onto a lynch mob on the ground.
This image is very simple and lacks any sort of talent or detail
This is what happens when you think you are tough.
More mayhem; men dead, dying and killing one another over territory/religion/wealth.
I am mad because the flowers could have been shown in such a better light.
Such vast destruction of people and animals. I want to scream at the two men for being so terrible!
It's so hard for me to make out what's going on in this photo, which is frustrating me. I am not a fan of abstract work.
I'm fairly certain these are either indulgence sellers or tithe collectors but either way they're robbing the poor
This picture makes me feel anger because it looks like a demon trying to attack humans. God will prevail.
A man paining in a suit makes me unreasonably mad about this painting.
This would have been such a joyful image had only the artist chose to compleatly conceal the person bottom. At least if she's partially revealed, she has a sword to fend any lewd persons from taking advantage.
Animal who has been absued by his owner and deprived of food for days.
This picture makes me feel a sense of anger as it looks like a wanted poster.
This would have been such a majestic seriean landscape if the industry of man with its pollution didn't come in and ruin it.
The reds all blend together and take away from any potential warmth of the scene which is irritating.
This painting makes me angry because it treats women badly.
I feel anger because i see Jesus on the cross dead but thankful for what he did.
The man in the foreground holds a judgmental gaze.
This persons condition is so sad that the artist blured any recognisable features to not be recognised. It seems that the person is faced toward a way for some sort of wrong doing, which upsets me.
looks like an angry scribble of a drawing, i don't like how they filled in the pants with squiggles
It looks like a nice calm blue lake, with a dark red sky. The red makes it feel very aggressive, especially compared to the calm blue
The man appears to be upset at the women who is holding an object.
the black part and the angles look sharp
I do not understand what inam viewing with tge purple blob and that frustrates me.
it is a painting of some people viewed thru iron bars
I feel annoyed. the colors are too primary and not interesting and the white space makes me feel like it's waiting for something to be put there.
This makes me think that someone is being purposefully cruel to another.  No need for all that.
I don't like seeing something in pain and it bothers me.
The colors are everywhere and I do not like the look of them.
I do not like the color or the sinister looking people
Exercise equipment on the beach seems so out of place and infuriating.
The shapes and colors create a man that needs revenge.
The people are not seen easily and I don't like the smudges.
The lady looks like she is being disrupted/violated by the 2 gentlemen in the gardens
The man in green & white looks like he is bothered by something. Maybe someone interrupting his reading
Splotches of deep purple paint on a white canvas. It's angry looking.
This appears to be two boys fighting so it has an angry feel for it.
Their expressions seem solemn, stiff, forced as if they are not having a good time at all.  Not a pleasant place to be.
The color red is used so prominently and even the sky is red making it seems like a volatile environment.
Looks like a fight broke out in the middle of town along with a wreck. The gentleman beating the sheep angers me
Broken legs on fire, dark castles talking to each other about war, no doubt.  This place is real?
The frantic, heavy shapes create a feeling of madness.
The woman is elegant and skinny yet she looks like she hates the world
It looks like the artist rushed while painting the image.
I feel the anger emotion while looking at this image. The man just looks mean and angry in this image even though he most likely is not.
The lines and dots look more like they were random instead of a way of expression.
the darker browns on the roofs and the lack of bright blues in the sky.
An almost blank canvas almost begs me to fill it and bring it to life
what do you mean you do not have my reservation
Black color all mixed up with white in a round frame looks like a mess angry mess.
The black crisscross lines feel like they are flying at you violently and have an overall hostile appearance. The yellow is pretty sicky too
The artist failed suppress his or her anger, thereby denying much that is pleasant for the viewer.
The bright warm colors and harsh design give of a wrathful feeling.
The redness and the nonsense scribbling give of a grumpy feel.
The landscape has a desolate sensation to it and it is bare, almost as if life cannot thrive well here
This seems like a picture of two privilaged ladies and a slave boy walking behind them.
I choose anger because of the red in the painting looking like fire.
The man has an angry expression and the blue on his face exacerbates this feeling.
The androgynous young person in the oversized dress looks past the artist with disapproval.
Painting reminding a city being demolished and poor people being killed by the powerful.
This painting looking likes a solider is being attacked.
I don't like this picture. I'm not sure what it is. My eyes want to focus on the brownish red and that maked me angry.
There is no meaning behind the painting, only a gold and orange color
I don't like how the painting appears to be half finished and at the same time incredibly messy. It looks like the brown on the roof is scribbled and the artist got bored and decided not to finish at all when the painting goes into just black and white.
The anger seen in this face makes me feel angry, too.
A dead bird is ruthlessly displayed beside a bouquet and wine bottle during a party.
The misshapened nude body is strange and awkward. I feel angry that anyone can see her like this, so vulnerable.
Love the bright colors and lighting, but the boy on the left has a creepy look on his face and I don't like that the dog's wearing a muzzle.
random colors on a canvas. no story or imagery
The shades of red and black represent anger to me.
Her expression reminds me of an animated disney movie
Again, a half naked man kills a defenseless animal
This artwork exudes evil and bad energy, too dark
LOOKs like this sheep is about to be killed and it knows life is at a end.
This looks like there was something and someone cut it out of the canvas.
I don't like his pompous and privileged grin and clothes
The harsh design and red give this sort of energy that makes you want to rage.
This person looks mean and angry!
The threat to a baby , and the nudity adds to the childs vulnerability in this adult game play.
The woman has a look on her face that says she is better than anyone else.
Two of the characters drawn appear to be racist depictions.
I feel anger towards the man who seems to be belittling the woman.
The woman looks very perturbed in her painting with a large scowl on her face.
The unsteady and uneven shapes offer little for the viewer and deserves little regard.
Looks like shapes with red paint dripped all over it, this is not art to me.
The dark shadow in between the man's brows makes him appear as so he's frowning. Also his clothes legs and tightly clenched hands make them appear as though he's refraining from yelling
I don't like the splotches of black paint on the off-white background.  I would really like to see more defined shapes in the painting.
it is so sad how even kids needs to work hard to be able to  eat.
i dont think there is anything to see here - all random
the use of darker browns and reds gives more detail to the somber expression of the character depicted, which makes me feel angry
I can't make out any of the shapes, I only see colors and textures that dont resemble anything
The painting is overwhelming and I feel mad that everything is a mess. I feel like someone was frustrated when painting this and was letting out all the anger they had held inside.The artist used dark and red colors which to mean represent anger and rage. I feel like it was an explosion on the painting of his feelings being released.
The painting appears to compare militarism to religion.
The wounds look so brutal, and it is hard to tell if the men in blue are mourners or attackers.
A rich old man  and his wife, but she is more like part of his furniture than his wife.
Not strong anger, but contempt.It looks like a scrap of trash.It isn't art.
Just paint on a canvas.  No story or image. not art
This painting is stupid and looks very boring with no meaning
Again you have people grabbing or ripping at fae, which is just disturbing
I think someone just got drunk and drew a french flag, not artistic at all.
The flag used looks as if it has been added later on, it does not date with this painting.
Most of the black lines seem like they were made with harsh angry strokes.
When I look at this I feel heat which leads to anger. It's flowers, tulips I believe which are my favorite, but it's so much red and dull. Dull red is a weird combination that does not make me happy.
I'm disturbed by bull fighting. The bull has an angry look on his face as I'm drawn by those two piercing eyes. And I'm angry knowing that bull fighting is rigged against the bull and he will suffer in the end.
The man leaning over the woman is pushy and disrespectful
Power portraits of men in high positions just make me mad
This painting is too modern that is hard to understand, the colors used in this painting piss me off.
The colors and shapes are clashing and bright as if they are fighting each other.
Just looks like a wavy mess to me and not artistic at all.
looks like a politician pretending to be a soldier
This barmaid is tired of patrons trying to grab her behind.
her being naked brings me a form of disgust
The man in this image is in chains with a pained and angry look on his face.
I love the colors, but all I want to do is fill in the big white space with something, anything! It can just hear my art teacher from high school yelling about no white spaces!
This picture is sad and the faces are creepy.
Various shades of blue, this seems like a color test instead of art.
I dislike this painting simply for the fact that I know someone somewhere would call it a masterpiece and yet I feel a 4 year old could replicate this by accident using finger paints.
The clumps of black smudges contrast with the light background and it feels very angry.
The black symbols remind me of swastikas and look agressive.
The woman's expression makes me feel like she is thinking about something she is angry about.  I do not feel as though she is angry at me but she is definitely angry.
She has a very mean look. The kind of person who would treat someone like less of a person because of his place in society
I don't like abstract as I don't find it attractive to look at.
The scribbles of paint and the dark outlines represent anger to me.
I don't like how simple the painting is.
The dark colors, like black and blood red, bring out the savage and war like scene painted here.
This man looks pompous and probably very wealthy, maybe a bit mean.
It is extremely frustrating that there is nothing in the center of this painting.
The painting is odd and creepy looking.
The poor dog looks anorexic yet his master is so proper
This image is so ugly and weird that it defies logic to observe and describe
It's a stormy sky above the rocks by the sea.  The rain strikes at an angle, giving it additional force, looks lake a battle with the rocks and water below.
The expression in the person's dark eyes is withering and angry.
The use of the colors is too messy, it's confusing and hard to grasp
Everything is very hard to make out and the filling is very poor
The clashing colors and bright red make me feel agitated.
Man has wrinkled forehead and stern look in his eyes.
This reminds me about how messed up my daily schedule is!
The man on the horse looks like he's very angry from battle.
Wrinkled forehead and dark staring eyes at whose ahead.
Anger because it makes me angry that someone would create this and actually call it art.
The negative space in this makes no sense! That is probably supposed to be the point but it irritates me.
The people in the photo are angry, so I feel angry as well.
The colors are ugly and there is no story.
The wispy flow to the shapes makes it look like a weird distorted scene and it doesn't need to be like this.
This is a few shades of color and thats it, this is just not art.
This should not be considered art as it is just a plain piece of paper. It really makes me feel nothing.
The confusion and the way all the colors are just spread shows anger and irritability to me.
The abstract is cluttered with unappealing lines and an unappealing mass of sharp lines.
The red blood on this animal makes it looks like it's being sacrificed.
The red is hostle and seems to invade the other cool colors of the portrait, seems almost a mistake.
Lots of aggression and manly energy here, not something I would buy.  Too hostile.
The perspective makes it look like the american flag is on the floor.  It feels like this work is intended to provoke.
The temple is under seige and being overthrown. It makes me angry the way people are being dangled from up high.
This is not art, this is a frustrating appeal for visual attention
The dark green and red and the black is very unattractive to me and makes me feel uncomfortable.
A big cat with the face of a man stands over a kill.
Despite the unclear subject I feel some anger in this piece.  Perhaps it is caused by the contrast between the red and the black.
Paintings like this anger me as they make me feel like the artist is calling me stupid.  This is a blotch on paper.
This looks like a random mess with no thought put into it.
There is a bit of anger in this piece.  It's like the red is spreading and covering up the other colors on the canvas.
I don't like how the faces are in different stages of detail. It looks like a bunch of different people drew this instead of one.
This looks like a child had a fit of rage with a black crayon.
I really hate paintings that are seriously just random colors thrown on the canvas.
the wealthy live in a protective bubble from the rest of the world
This angers me a bit as it is not art to me.  It is splotches of paint on a paper.  Boring.
Seeing bad people hanging a innocent man and taking his life.. The man did not deserve this. Anger approaches while looking at them just looking at him.
Geometric paintings that can be done by my 3 year old are not impressive
the characters in the painting look very sad and distressing
Why are women always being judged by men in power
This looks like a dark forest but without much effort
This is just a few colors and I not only hate this but wonder why one spot is different and stands out color wise.
This is not art this is a yellow line and a vague square, this is nothing.
The man's tight lips and angry eyes make him look extremely disapproving, like he's had just about enough.
The warrior and the use if the color red makes me think of war.
I don't like how arrogant the man wearing the dress is acting.
these are just random splotches of paint - no meaning or purpose
Fragmented images and depicting them differently than normal make me angry.
This is seriously just a blank square of texture. There was no effort put into this, because there's no aspect to put effort towards. It's just nothing at all.
Repression of women shown in the outfits.
Looking at this makes my own breasts hurt from seeing how cockeyed these breasts are painted
Very masculine and angry, like the god of war waiting for the carnage to begin.
Women with her arms crossed and a scorn look on her face.
There dark red behind the ominous symbol reminds me of something sinister
Looks like someone marked up a canvas, this is not art to me.
the man in the image with his expression seems like he is shouting on something
The harshness of the lines and stark contrast between black and white tend to make me feel angry.
It makes me angry that someone thought this could be art.
The subject looks arrogant and he is grasping whatever's in his hand too tight
This looks like a logo for something and it gives me the impression of inappropriateness.
The intense red color with the square being askew frustrates me.
The red color of the subject makes me feel like some anger went into this piece.
This woman is very rich and never goes outside.
I don't approve of bull fighting or any animal cruelty.
The man in the painting has a contemptuous look on his face.
Something about this guy's expression makes me feel like he is up to something and I'm mad at him.
This looks like scribbles and it angers me when this kind of thing is said to be a work of art.
The man being saluted looks very pompous with his crazy dog
All the lines are very intense and causes anxiety because of the business in the picture.
I don't think the artist tried here, I think this is a few lines on orange.
I find that these abstract pieces are not aesthetically pleasing.
This image is somewhat of an optical illusion and it doesn’t sit right in your mind
Although i like how the pink and white meld together, I don't consider this art.
The plight of this naked young woman and two clothed men is obvious and disturbing
The harsh lines and unclear subject matter make me feel like the artist had a lot of anger.
This painting is boring me to pick up the paint brush
Seems like naked people in Servitude- Egyptian subject and monotone neutral colors.
Although there isn't much happening in this piece I still feel as though the artist was very angry about something.
I don't like that the women are whipping that man.
The artist seems to express rage and destruction with scribbling and overly bold lines.
This frame-like depiction does not rise to the level of serious or fine art.
Bearded man looks caught or imprisoned in a icy chasm. He is staring ominously straightforward and looks quietly enraged.
Pilgrim missionary planning to convert more people into Christianity.
Something so stupid and low effort like this is not art at all. The fact that some people claim this is irritates me so much. A five year old could make this by accident.
The teacher wants to know who is passing notes in her classroom.
The crucifixtion are enough to be disturbing, but the crowd of onlookers are maddening with their odd smiles
His contemptuous stare and hostile body language make me dislike him personally
I don't like that the woman standing isn't helping pick up the apples.
There feels like alot of rage went into this. Misunderstanding
It looks like a place where only wealthy people can go to.
The gray marks on the sides of the buildings makes it look like a child scribbled on an unfinished canvas
I like the colors but pictures that don't tell a story I don't like.
Anger at how the man seems to be looking grudgingly at someone else.
This looks like a child's depiction of a domestic dispute
Why did someone make this if they were just going to make yellow boxes, this is stupid.
Not into nudity and the expressions on their faces is creepy.
Jezebel does not want to get dressed up to go to a party like all the other girls her age.
This image is ugly and lacks any color or details to provide it with a context of what is occurring in the scene
This seems very aggressive to me.  Someone that will die still mad at the world.
I don't like the ambiguous shape and lack of representation
This dark and dreary square is a color block more than it is evidence of any great artistic skill.
To much bussiness hurts my eyes and makes me think of chaos and pain.
There are a few shapes here and they are so mild colors there must have been no effort into making this.
All the lines feel very chaotic and angry. Very manic.
The way the guy is blocking the other guy shows agner towards the other guy.
The lines are very light and hard to make out but I do see an angry expression on the subject's face.
a mean young woman looking down on others beause of her complex.
The artist insults his subject by reducing the size of his head and book, while overemphasizing the pomp of his attire.
This painting is very bothersome. Looks like abuse. The adult's face is terrifying, I'm not sure why anyone would paint this.
The child is in such distress, and the mother looks so haggard.
The abstract shape and dark tones seem evil
the woman in the painting is making me angry
a mattress covered in craft materials, i feel like this speaks to the wastefulness of people today, basically sleeping on trash to look good
The image creates a sense of anger and feelings of being threatened by alien forces destroying earth
The division of rich and poor shows the lack of equality.
the men are spying on her, and that's crappy.
The eyes and face expression just seem like he is upset about something.
He looks down on the people watching them pray for a better life while he sits on his thrown handing down judgement.
the washed out, dark colors suggest it
The face of the woman is angry and bitter.
I hate bullfighting because they hurt the bulls they do this with, and this is an image that shows this.
That dog looks hungry and the owner is just too busy being vain
If you don't, you'll regret it.
The faces on these two look angry and unpleasant.
I feel anger because I cannot see anything redeeming in the image.
There looks to be anger in the persons facial expression.
It reminds me of the struggle everyone has trying to make a better life for themself and that there is always someone trying to beat you down.
Women are objects, like flowers.
I feel like this person is being disrespected because they have grafitti like drawings all over them. Feels like vandalism.
I feel like this is a painting of a geisha. She seems to be showing a hidden man (who looks European). It makes me feel angry because I get the impression that she was used.
The shape of the bull with the horns seems aggressive.
The asymmetrical brush strokes and jagged splotches here make me angry.
All of the different lines of color is too much for my eyes, it makes me want to look away.
she is very arrogant and mandatory.
This angers me because it is not art. It's some yellow paint with a little bit of 3d elements to it. I could make this in a kindergarten classroom.
This makes me feel that people are making fun of people who like to eat more then others.
It's like blood dripping down the flag.
She looks like she is pregnant but hiding it. In any case very uncomfortable. I doubt she is willingly wearing those cloths.
i don't like the color bands, it's confusing to the eye. makes me feel stressed with all the vertical-ness.
This makes me angry.  This is not art, it's not even a well painted wall.  It's a blue background with a couple of lines on it. I'm angry that this is considered art.
All the lines is too busy and makes me uncomfortable
The colors are on the verge of anger, the shapes harsh and stiff
The woman looks a little bit angry like she is planning to right a wrong.
This photo makes me angry because it seems as if the man and woman in the image are fighting over children. The woman seems innocent while the man seems to be dealing with his own demons or battles on his side. It makes me fear for the children.
the red and black colors suggest it
This is just lines, it is not really art at all.  This took zero effort, zero skill...how can anyone be stupid enough to consider this art?  This does nothing for me except make me irritated at the utter hollowness of the concept of art and thus the ultimate futility of all our actions here on earth.  This is wallpaper, not art.
The brash paint strokes invoke anger.
He looks like he is trying to tell me to do something and disappointed in me for not knowing.
Who would buy a paintinglike this, and why?  it looks like a sheet of paper with a corner torn off.  I don't consider it art.
Feeling a sigh of resentment and anger has the lady doesn't look happy. The colors are beautiful but face tells all.
All of them have a look of anger on their faces
IT SEEMS HELLISH LIKE THAT STORY FROM EDGAR POE.
The held sword shows the ruling class controls the masses.
I feel like the black and red are taking over the more calm colors.
I hate the masks, they are like clowns and I want to kick them in the nuts.
This dress did not happen as I want.
I feel like they made the american flag but defaced it.
Broken window with cracks, everything falling apart
The king looks evil and is making all the people work
This guy looks like a war leader
This makes me angry because I don't consider a few lines painted on a background to be art.
the way is drawn it looks like the woman is about to be beheaded
The old man is not happy to be photographed or painted.
Why ruin such a beautiful scene with dark scratches.
This man may look a bit angry in this painting.
I will very strong and avenge them all.
it looks like an attempted beheading
The little girl looks like she is praying and surrounded by mean people which makes me angry that somebody treats a child like that.
I went to Catholic school and it reminds me of the trauma of mean spirited priests and nuns.
It looks like a man is about to throw something at a crucifix, which is very shocking and bothersome to me.
He orders them to let go and they will live.
So many people, someone dress that baby and put clothes on it.
This is a type of painting that agitates me as there is nothing to it. It seems soulless and easy.
THIS PAINTING LOOKS CRAPPY AND LIKE A KID DID IT
The men are working to fix a statue that someone destroyed
The man looks angry as the is holding an object in his hand, having his picture taken and now smiling.
This much red definitely evokes anger, that and/or the concept of a lot of blood.
I don't understand what I'm looking at and the yellow and black pattern make me angry for some reason. The combination of the colors coupled with the pattern or something.
The lady kneeling appears to be subservient to the standing woman.
The bald man looks like he is mad with the boy and is ordering him to do something as the boy tries to explain.
The religious theme makes me upset and I dislike when characters are shown in this way. They lack humanity.
It looks like a faint embossing of computer click art - and its annoying to look at.
just the dark color background and the one blob in the middle gives me a sense of anger
The lack of straightness in the lines bothers me
the somewhat violent way the paint is applied
How can this be called Art? laziness
It is a messy pile that looks like it was thrown together. Everything is disorganized.
This mans uncaring eyes of a sociopath.
This painting, the colors in particular, make me feel angry.
The man's face looks stern.
The angry and serious demeanor of the character had an equal effect on me when looking at it.
the man looks a little mad.
I didn't notice the tiles in such a mess before I moved it!!!!
The sharp outlines make me feel aggressive.
this feels unfinished and it's giving me anxiety
to me the colors chosen and rigid lines show anger
The painting looks like a mockery of religious paintings
The look he is giving is disapproval and like he is ready for an argument.
This looks like the kitchen after my husband and kids have made themselves snacks and not cleaned up after themselves.
I feel like this man has caused a lot of harm.
Angry because the man is shackled and speared and it represents cruelty
This one is a bit upsetting and angering. There's so much of a peaceful vibe, and then someone's house is on fire. Makes one angry at the interruption.
Genitals do not need to be hidden, babies don't have any modesty.
I feel angry because he LOOKS angry :)
Looks like there is a lot of struggling going on
The image portrays a disinhibited man full of anguish
This man is angry about something.
The brush strokes are harsh and colors very stark - it instantly makes me irritated. It's chaotic.
The way the colors are separated on the 2 sides makes me want to turn away.
The darkness of the night and expressions on their faces look like they are scolding someone
Don't like the llok on her face.
The man in this portrait looks like he is very upset about something.
the dark color scheme suggests anger
It makes me angry people think this is art
It's disgusting to see the amount of energy and money spent on fairy tales.
I'm annoyed that something so half-assed as drawing a couple lines on canvas can be considered art now.
Why does life have to be uneven
For some reason it seems the mouth is saying something angry.
It’s so messy I feel angry trying to figure out what it is that I am looking at are those grapes in the corner why is there a toilet seat on the table
The blue blocks the green into my food.
What is this? It looks like someone accidentally dripped water onto a piece of paper!
The bull-man appears to have crushed a bird beneath it's hand.
I can feel the rage the person who painted this felt as they were painting it. It also has angry colors in it.
This painting is chaotic, and the blacks and browns evoke strong emotion.
It seems like this man is fleeing from a village that has been burned or hit by a tornado leaving behind a group of women or children to fend for themselves . This makes me feel a little angry at the man.
I have a feeling the man raising his arms is about to beat the jesus looking guy, so that makes me angry.
the fat woman is pleading for her life while the man is about to gut her, that's just sick.
I hate that girl's bangs.
I told you that I should not do things.
All these colors seem angry and so do the brushstrokes.
It angers me that the painting is so narrow, and the colors arent complimentary which makes me slightly annoyed.
The colors are not appealing and blend to vicious with the eyes bringing anger.
The woman appears to be a servant and it makes me angry.
the woman clearly doesnt want the men
The man's face is very red and concerning.
This woman reminds me of a teacher that I hated.
How is this a painting? It's ugly shade of blue grey, a color I hate and is often used for drab and cheap buildings, with a line down the middle. There's nothing pleasant about it.
This does not appear to be art, and I feel anger that someone would try to pass it off as art.
The chaotic pieces feel broken and it just makes me really irritable. I wanna throw all that junk off the table
You're not a good horse. I will buy a new one.
This is disorientating to look at and has a 70s dusty, smelly feel.
she looks scared because the guy is attacking her
It seems that the woman with long hair is in charge of the woman with shorter black hair.
The people in the background look a bit angry.
It looks like the man on the ground is hitting the horse with a stick
It looks like Mary presenting Jesus to the priest with people gathered around. It appears by the man's hand gesture that he doesn't think that Jesus is the Christ child.
There is literally nothing to this painting.  It is a single monochromatic color with no design or pattern at all which makes me feel anger that this is even considered art.
This image is strange and looks other worldly like it was painted by aliens
The brush strokes are sharp. The look of her face is very bitter.
The couple looks like they are wealthy, having an argument, and on a train.  The man's arm, cocked against his side, and the expression on his face, make him look very angry.
This image lacks structure and does not possess clearly defined artifacts or familiar items
It is hard to decipher what all is happening at this feast but the dead swan on the table, mess od the fruit, boy dashing out from underneath with an apple and other dead animals below gives me a feeling of anger
The little birds dead on the table next to the fruit.
This looks like a rundown warehouse wall someone took a photo of, I'm vexed that this can even be called a painting.
This image is strange and appears to depict a bird with roses in the background
This creates the impression of Nazi or communist values
The woman looks angry to be wearing the blue dress
This man's face makes me angry looking at it.
A man with a sword fights with a bull while sitting in a chair in this black and white sketch.
The dark bold borders annoy me and make me mad.
I dislike the looks on their faces and the dress they have.
the man in chains on body and feet is being tortured
The smug man looks like he does not enjoy himself or life
He is painted as if he is evil and stealing something from the woman
This image is absolutely useless because it is a series of rectangles stacked on top of each other
the black mountains contrasts the white grounds.
The woman is drinking an alcoholic beverage. She looks upset with her hand holding up her face.
It seems like one person having power over another person
There is a lot of tension and anger in the face of this young man.
The black background looks like angry marker eventually covered with sadness
The man has an arrogant look on his face.
this is SO bad, it's just scribbles and i can not discern what it is actually of
I think that is Jesus getting hung on the cross and that is scary
Looks unfinished and difficult to understand content
This woman and man are very angry with each other.
I think those are meant to be people but it looks like it was made in haste and it pisses me off a bit.
The person pulling on the bull tail makes me mad because it's unecessary and cruel. Plus, all the chaos and violence surrounding it is upsetting.
Cant help but look at the group and be reminded of over privilege
I don't like how uncomfortable the man is making the women.
Benito is upset he walked into the new glass doors at the post office.
I primarily feel anger because even though I try to enjoy the technique, I just see a stuffy old rich white dude.
Fierce looking knight on a horse clashing with another knight. The colors convey a sense of danger and movement.
The animals seem to be caged in and surrounded by danger.
This style of painting as it doesn't tell a story.
All the faces in the picture look angry and upset. The bodies are mostly missing.
the woman is standing with her feet apart and hands on her hips like she's angry, i can empathize with her, no one else is smiling, her blue dress feels cold
The dark red colour creates an angry feeling
Because the child looks severely neglected and possibly abused.
The woman in the back looks sad. The two men in the front look like they want to fight.
the red reminds me of blood shed across the painter in anger from the elephant tusks being cut off
The white teeth of the lion show anger on their face while looking ahead.
The side eyed look and scowl make him look unhappy.
The person portrayed in this painting looks angry and the lack of colors seems to carry on this feeling that hes angry.
The eye designs, on the main man and woman, makes me feel their rage.
This painting of a gentleman feels incomplete and unfinished.
the face of the person looks like someone insulted and thinking to take revenge.
From my guess, it looks like these men are whipping someone or some thing and that is bad
This image lacks character and memorable traits and looks more like a logo than a work of art
I love the colors, it looks like it came out of a story book.
These orange and red tones are like blood boiling over.
The image reminds me of posters for far-right political groups.
The implied figure in the painting looks alien and angry.
Looks like recycled materials halfway processed. Makes me angry that China not taking our recycled and end up in ocean.
The fuss about one person and the detail that's paid to her is disgusting.
His cell phone says he has to go it is a real emergency and he was so close to getting into her pants.
The facial expressions are dark and portray a feeeling of hate and disapproval.
It looks like some of these people are being tortured to amuse their leader.
I am almost furious with this photo, I am in the mindset of battle against a winning nation, where all of my family and friends are put on the front line of battle because of manly nonsense.
The ways her lips are pursed makes me think she is pissed.
The old womans contemptuous face is very hostile and mean
This image is weird and minimizes details regarding the purpose of the object presented, which makes it appear lifeless and sterile
It makes me angry that this man is pointing a gun at something with an angry look on his face.
The matching uniforms, and the stern look on their faces make it look as though someone will be receiving bad news
He looks like a pompous rich jerk, like Ebeneezer Scrooge.
The clergymen look like they are going to take advantage of the town whore.
The pink and red makes the trees look like they are on fire
The man in the goatee looks like he's mad about something.
I do not like this blend of color and it bothers me a lot
This man looks like he enjoys holding grudges against women, a misogynist.
The lady seethes just wait until he gets home.
The crowd of animals appear to be acting out the law of the jungle through uninhibited violence between predator and prey
All the living animals seem to be fighting and snarling at each other.
Back alley dog fight? At first felt kind of giddy looking at this but at a second glance it looks like a very violent situation.
This makes me feel a bit frustrated as it is a bit chaotic and hard to look at. The disorganization makes me feel uncomfortable.
The woman's facial feature looks angry and makes me want to stay away from her
With all the red bordering the painting, it feels angry. Like, I'm so mad I need to express it.
The poor bull is being tortured with a man hanging on his tail and a spear aimed at his head.
I feel angry in mirror of how this character appears to feel.
It appears as though the castle is under attack by the men on horses and that makes me angry.
The heavy and dark lines make this painting feel aggressive and showing the form of a woman doesn't smooth out the sharp lines.
The photo makes it out as if the person is someone evil
The darkness and slight amount of red bring feelings of rage.
The subject matter of hunting and the glorification are abhorrent.
The governor insists there will no longer be any "bring your child to work" days.
Makes me feel angry most likely because of the black and white colors along with the shapes that are used.
The man has a contemptuous look on his face.
The people in the ragged clothes make me think that they are suffering
The laid back demeanor of the gentleman sitting down excudes a level of arrogance and apathy for human life and more than likely soldiers who fight to protect him
Colors remind me of flames and fire, darkness
The plain shapes make it boring and uninteresting
The juxtaposition of the black circle over the orange one makes me feel a bit angry.
This to me is not a painting. It looks like a airfilter with pieces of yarn on it. Theres no real emotion into it and not sure what to think other than it shouldnt be labeled art
i like the way the painter used only one red bright thing in the painting
There are some harsh lines in this piece that when they are put together with the woman's expression really convey anger.
This makes me angry because he looks like a rich white due that wouldn't have pissed on me if I was on fire.
This looks like a door or a set of windows, simply painted, but I don't see an art on display
The style is very unusual, and I do not understand how the bird fits with the women.
art like this flusters me, the smudges are pointless, or at least, I fail to see he point
that there isn't more of a painting then words I can't read.
Anger because it looks like the man on the carriage is abusing the woman that he is holding.
the tilt of her eyes and the placement of her hands  on her hips
It looks like this is an unfinished painting. It looks like a rough draft.
This art is really ugly, orange flowers, yellow background and two real ugly weird looking blue birds. I do feel disgust because this is to ugly to sell.
This reminds me of jumbled graffiti I saw and had tp clean up every once in a while when I was younger
There's a dark mood from the woman's large eyes and lack of other facial features.
I don't like seeing people whip their horses to go faster.
All of these people look pretentious and too fancy for me.
It appears the animals are being whipped or speared
This man, in his tattered dark coat, seems annoyed or frustrated
She has a look of contempt on her face as she wears ridiculous clothing.
The blurry, indistinct shapes are somehow frustrating to look at, as if the scene is refusing to come into focus.
This image is difficult to interpret due to the random placement of yellow square shapes
The facial expression of a man gets cocky and does not seem like a nice person
This painting makes me think of a angry lion getting read to pounce.
It makes me angry that this woman is wearing all this clothing when people who could use some have nothing.
This is such a heartbreaking image of death and terror, I hate it.
A person firing at a innocent person that has no weapon.  Person on hillside turning his back to situation.
She looks very intense and angry in her overdone fur coat.
All this is is unfocused swathes of paint with no organization or vision, and the fact that this is called art is a bit irritating.
The painting of the lady shows anger throughout her face. The lady is trying to cope with the anger that is inside her. The darkness around shows the way the anger is filled around her.
It looks like some elitists trying to show off their grandness
The red in the painting is bright and very unsettling
It’s like coming home at the end of the day of work to a house that still needs cleaned. Exhausting.
The women in the painting look arrogant and as if they are looking down on whatever they are viewing.
Because I see a horse being ridden even though it appears that horse does not want to be ridden.
I like the smoothness of the picture and I love dogs but I don't like fighting.
A very aggressive piece, it reminds me of the aftermath of a battle.  Bloodshed.
The painting is dark and brooding with the black background and solem mad  figure .
The painting represent a sign of anger. Feeling great at first and the frustration set in and darkness arrives in anger.
The boy's eyes and mouth make him look very angry
I don;t approve of the violence but these are men in their element and reveling in it.  Explorers.
I don't like how arrogant this man looks. He is wealthy.
This man looks like he is very wealthy. I probably wouldn't like him.
The painting has splashes of  black and the sky looks like a lighting bolt is coming down. The sky is mad at the land and it shows with it's bright yellow flashes of color
To see the kids and the time of the painting makes me feel slight anger towards privilage and pride during those times.
A mean princess looking away in anger for her failure to get what she wants.
Antoine wants to show off his new carriage to his jealous neighbors.
The woman looks angry and defiant.  Her eyes have yellow around them, which looks a bit non-human.  Her posture is strangely twisted.
The man looks like he is harassing the two women which is why he is painted dark
I dont like  it because he is hurting the woman.
Youngish woman in a ponytail leans on a table full of liquor. She looks a little inebriated and getting angry.
Sketch work of a woman's head. She looks scary, and has a smile which looks creepy. I don't like this sketch at all because she looks angry to me.
The artwork looks unfinished because it's only sketched with a pencil or charcoal and isn't colored in
I can tell that the man with the bifocal is wealthy. He looks arrogant.
This image is unattractive and lacks a coherent narrative that can only be achieve through a mix of colors
I feel anger because she looks like a rich old white woman from the past who was probably an accessory to oppression.
Nudity is unnecessary, difficult to understand scene
This artist does such a good job conveying this man's smugness, it makes me want to slap this man across the face
It appears the old woman is offering a basket of bred to the elite. The old woman does not appear to be much acknowledged besides the acceptance of her gift
All the white lines on the painting with the dark background.
The dark clothes and shadows indicate that the men are gathering for the reason that they are unhappy.
The characters seem mad and they make me mad to look at the image.
The colors, especially the red are so deep and make me feel anger.
The women in this painting are treated like jesters made to appease the men at the cost of their own self-worth
The man letting the dog attack the bulls.
The red tinge makes me feel anger because red is associated with anger. Her scared expression makes me angry too like she is a timid woman.
The facial expression of the woman who is being pampered is quite arrogant.
The heavy red strokes against the yellow irritates me.
Neither subject seems to like being in the other's company.
These appear to be Spanish matadors, which makes me angry as I feel they're impaling and angering the bulls for their own stupid amusement.
the man looks angry like he's been to war and back and now he's seen things that he didn't want to see
The dark clouds of smoke billowing out of the ship make me disgusted at the pollution that's killing our environment
He has his hand out seemingly asking for money.
The stark difference between black and white on what should be a simple calm city scene makes me feel angry feelings.
While the colors of this piece are vibrant. It is glorifying getting soldiers ready for war.
The harash lines of the pencil just makes me angry.  It's a nice piece of art in general, but I just don't care for the harshness of the lines and plainless of it.
Neat concept of illuminating part of the picture with the light source, but only being able to partly make out the rest is frustrating.
The man's attire and hat makes him seem like a tryant or dictator ruler
Jesus would try to save everyone, even a Nazi.  There is also a hopelessness that would not be right.
The dark colors of the primary tree makes it seem alive and angry.
The man has a domineering look in his eyes that make him scary
This man looks very angry but not sure why
The horse has a look of despair on it's face as it is being mistreated by the man riding it.
This painting seems to glorify the ugliness of war.
The child and woman are much less detailed than the man as if they less important. Go figure.
It feels incomplete like it is a backgroun for another paintingd
The person posing is annoyed and I can feel it.
The sharp peaks of the water makes it feel choppy and if the water is angry.
They are demonizing the dog as he looks like a devil
The lady has pursed lips and holding the child loosely with only one arm.  The child or small person has a cone head.
It looks like this man has hit his wife & is daring me to do anything about it.
Not enough detail for me. The dark blob on the left does not help.
The angel looks angry probably because her wings ate broken
This person looks like he is used to making others around him miserable.  A misogynist.
It looks like someone is about to get crucified on the cross and everyone is there to watch
This is so poorly painted it makes me angry.
A bucolic scene erased by jagged emotive scratching
This looks like a depiction of guards or military personnel humiliating prisoners
That dark patch of bushes over on the right really ruins the feel of this painting for me. It makes my eye stop right there instead of continuing down the road.
The boy looks angry with his lips pursed and hand on hip
the red colors in the face makes him seem anger.
The king in this historic painting has angry looking eyes with what he is viewing.
I'm not sure why, but cats always make me angry. What a worthless pet.
The "fogginess" is too much of a distraction. I want to see the buildings clearly and it's frustrating me that I can't.
This frustrates me. The lightness of the face and background against the darkness of the hair is off-putting. And the random bird. The only thing that kind of keeps it all together is the level of detail seems pretty congruent.
The clown face without a smile makes me feel angry.
The man's facial expression looks angry
I don't like the red and white and it makes me a little upset.
I see pure anger. The lady could kill with her looks.
The clouds, wind, and water are swirling angrily to create a storm
I really like the colors in this piece but the dog is gigantic in comparison to the people so the scale is completely thrown off... and that ruins it for me.
The red in her face makes her look angry so I feel angry.
The woman is grabbing the man in anger while a red cow watches
The way the guy on the left looks disinterested while the woman seems desperate right next to him is upsetting.
The subjects red and blue tones in the face reflect an anger as does the expression on their face.
The factories are sending tons of smoke and pollution into the air
2 horses are abgry and trying to destroy each other
The expression in this man's face feels like he is angry and upset with the red around his eyes.
The hand and bolt in black and white seems like God is angry.
The warrior holding the swords has the facial expressions of fear and anger in his eyes.
The abstract, distorted face of the man makes me feel discontent, anger, disgust.
The men's faces look angry and a woman is tied to a cross with ropes.
It annoys me that this scene is so unfinished and lacking in detail. You can barely tell what it is.
brutal war and its effects on average people
The horse is dead with the man smiles on and even the man behind him. I feel mad on behalf of the horse.
The person in the painting shows a feeling of conquest in the killing of the giant insect
The colors and lines are very chaotic and unsettling
Looks like a mass murder happened here. To much red and black. Makes me feel anger because it looks like blood.
It shows so much harshment in the eery colors and people falling.
The clutter on the floor of this image
The abstract work is diminished by the inexplicable presence of the instrument at the bottom.
This feels intrusive, like we are spying on somebody sleeping
Dull coloring of the two ancient samurai soldiers is like looking back in time
The guy in green looks like he's very mad at the person in purple.
The red colours in this painting bring me feelings of anger due to associating anger with the colour red. The image does not show much and therefore i find it quite boring
This painting makes me feel anger because it looks like someone went off and destroyed the place.
I don't like the colors and he looks angry and evil.
The man in the green seems to express ingratitude. He strikes me as overly petulant and aggressive.
It's irritating because it looks incomplete.
The red streak reminds me of blood
It's pretty fucked up. The guy is slaughtering a baby. And I guess the one on the ground is dead? I mean, what the fuck could this possibly be? And I'm kind of pissed that they would depict killing a baby. Given the period, I guess it is religious? But it kind of goes to show how horrible religion really is then.
Although there's no color the expression on the face makes me resent his contempt
The head of a cleaning brush cynically is being used as a substitute for serious artistic achievement.
The man looks away in an angry stare at someone outside of the frame.
It doesn't emote any feelings whatsoever as it doesn't tell a story.
Erotica Explicit Geisha Courtesan Sex Erotic Art Japanese, not my type of art. You can't even hang it in a Japanese restaurant. I feel anger.
He looks liek he is in a marriage that isnt really meant to be
Staring contemptuously is made real by the focus of the eyes
These men appear as if they have attempted to trap some angels
This painting makes me feel angry because it seem like the men are teasing the old man that is sitting down.
It makes me angry that the animals are brutally caught and hung from their feet while they are live
This made me feel upset because the animals look very sad and mistreated.
Whe I see this painting I feel anger because it looks like there has been several accidents on the road.
The painting reminds me of a woman being chased across the bridge like someone's trying to hurt her
This painting gives the feeling of anger because of it's horizontal limited color and layout
Looking at this painting makes me mad it's just white paint feels like a waste of time
It feels like a regular door has been taken over by something that means harm to the house.  The lines look like diagrams for a booby trap, and it seems like when the door opens, people will get hurt.
I like the colors but it doesn't tell a story to me.
The line work seems to be done by a child and I can't even tell what the man is supposed to look like.
The day the Romans killed our Governor in the public square in front of everyone.  The temples were looted.
I'm upset that people were ever allowed to be that cruel to each other.  Pathetic.
I don't like how it is split in two.
The sloppy white & red shapes look spilled and scattered.  Lack of organization bothers me.
The expression lacking from the man combined with the dark browns is slightly sinister
It looks like the original statue was ruined and softened down so you almost can't see it.
I would love to see what is going on in the artwork, but the colors are too muted to see anything going on.
An unstable window, with weak lines and an empty interior, fails to reach the status of being serious fine art.
This painting makes no sense to me, so it is slightly annoying.
I really don't understand how these type of abstract paintings can be considered art, its just straight lines of different colors
The repetitive nature and appeal provides a feeling of anger.
I feel challenged at the look of contempt coming from the man
The village the radiated live in after the nuclear bomb dropped and polluted everything, even the color of reflections.
Makes me feel angry like something is coming to invade
This makes me angry because everything seems so unrealistic.
the design & colors create a feeling of melancholy or aggression to me
The scene portrayed in this painting makes me feel that the two men are very angry with each other and the result will likely not be a pretty ending.
They're all fighting over something whilst naked for some reason
Japanese man with a sword art. Why they always look so angry I don't know. I feel angry looking at his face.
The monkey is wearing a dress and does not look content.
It looks like someone is getting stompted on.
looks like a town hit by the plague
It looks like a peanut lost an eyeball this is so dumb it makes me angry.
There is a lot going on in this painting, I feel mixed up and confused looking at it as there is so much to see from different subjects
This looks like the king is trying to kill the lion with a stone, I feel sorry for the lion, and angry at the king.
I feel like the reddish blob is chaotic and slowly taking over.
A plain, nearly white bent something is boring, and it almost hurts to see something to dumb.
The lines are just unappealing to me
The stark colors and the pointy projections look like teeth.
There really is'nt a subject matter and the color makes me angry.
The nothingness and void brings anger from within me. An exemplary subject that displays potential not used but instead haphazard minimal effort is rewarded with praise (and this hit).
The lines feel like they are angry scribbles on a wall and also feel a little bit like prison bars.
It appears to be a lynching or something similar in the town square.
The sharp shapes and bold colors look angry to me so what would be a calming view is stressful.
This simple box takes up gallery or museum space that could be used for a more serious effort at fine art.
The harsh colors and lines that the world tries to box you into can feel suffocating.
They are on their way to conquer some indigenous people and steal their lands
The expression and darkness provides a feeling of anger.
Is this suppose to be a fish or an egg with lips? I dont understand what exactly this is suppose to be
These men in rich fabrics should be helping these poor naked men but they just seem to be mocking them
The frown on his face makes him look angry.
It appears that these pompous men are forcing the women to work
This isn't done yet although you can see it's a woman.
the person's facial expression is very neutral and blank
The man's eyes look to be very stern and not friendly at all.
this man seems as if he is always angry
the monkey is being mean to the cat by putting its paw on the hot stove
The forest green square, of one uniform tone and hue, is uninteresting and indicative of no particular skill.
I feel like the black streaks are trying to cover up all of the bright colors just like anger brings everything down.
Politics and just so stressing and this man looks like he enjoys ruling with an iron fist.
Three bulls are goring at objects here in anger.
Women are giving their babies to a woman with a sword
The painting's black and red colors, plus its forceful pattern, make me think of anger.
Really don't like the nudity but also it looks like markers on styrafoam.
I primarily feel anger that this is considered "art." It looks like someone took clip art and a couple triangle mazes and stuck it all on one page.
This man looks like someone who messed up a government
To me, this piece just looks chaotic and a bit sparse.  The yellow, red, and white shapes in the center of the painting don't seem to have been drawn with any purpose.
Sometimes good art looks unfinished..this is one of those times. Foreground, back ground just "inferred"?
The dark colors and expression provide a feeling of anger.
It's a picture of Noah's arc. I'm pretty sure. It makes me angry, because Christians actually believe this really happened and want to teach it as science, which is beyond ridiculous. I also think of that attraction the government funded in Kentucky. So I guess for political reasons this image pisses me off.
This simplistic work means nothing. A small child could create this work.
The way the objects (desks, shirts,etc) are positioned in the art makes it look like pictures from a cheap children's book instead of a work of art.
Even though this artwork is conveying people running from the rain, it is too busy and makes it hard to look at
The expression and the color variations make me feel a sense of anger.
The notched white square fails to compare in artistic skill with paintings making a serious effort.
I don't like to think about the Christian faith, the red on the back only makes me think of the blood spilled because of it
A red vertical line streaks down the canvas. Gets me mad
It looks like someone took old tires and glued them to a canvas. This is drab and not very interesting to look at.
He did nothing to help us get the results we wanted , stood there rolling his eyes all the time
The man's face looks angry and the woman looks sad or afraid and the red tones bring out a feeling of anger.
I never did like looking at art and not having a clue what is going on. I do fear anger because I have no clue.
the devil in red says come this way, as the angel in white ascends to heaven
One-sided propaganda which is meant to sway uninformed citizens.
The colors are jarring to the eye, in contrast with the white background
It makes me feel anger to see a bull fight, knowing the animal is about to be tortured for entertainment
It's a little bit too flat for me - I just realized that I can't tell if part of what looks like a volcano or mountain if there is water there or what.
The colors are nice but it looks like there is some anger behind the brush strokes
The cheetah looks so fierce and angry. It makes me feel like its going to attack me.
The shape is uneven and with the color of red, it is angering
This resembles a collection of household items, not a serious work indicative of real artistic skill.
There are a lot of harsh lines and acute angles in this picture that make me feel anger
the subject's furrowed eyebrows give the picture a negative tone
Irritated! It looks like when you are turning a feature on or off on your cell phone. What a joke.
happy - my aunt had birds like this
The young woman trying on the new clothing is upset that it's not what she thought it would look like.
This makes me mad because it's a huge blur.
I just envy people that can paint people or faces super good.
Seeing the man holding the scimitar with one arm the holding a child makes me angry, and sadly a child lays on the floor.
the image is upsetting, because it looks unfinished. The lines are jagged and sloppy
The man at the bottom left hand corner looks like he's making the woman feel uncomfortable. I don't like that, but I'm sure it happened quite a lot during that time.
This man does not seem like a nice person
The expression and way the hand is gripping provides a feel of anger.
This feels like it started off great but something changed and the bottom of the art was beat up
This painting makes me angry because the abstractness.
I like the backgroud colors with while and blue tripes
This painting makes me feel anger with the war fighting here.
The artist must have been enraged, scribbling and heaving his brush onto the canvas with violent strokes.
The face seems to be looking right at you, no matter where you are.  The eye brows are downward and seem to be expressing angery or annoyance.  I image the person to be tall because of the long lines,  strong with depth and width.  The dark colors add to sort of a frightening over all experience
It almost makes me angry, it seems like a time from the past where women and men were separated because of gender
The colors look like fire and theguy watching on like he caused it
Depicting Christ holding a Templar flag to justify their actions is upsetting.
This painting gives the feeling of battle
This artwork perfectly portraits this tyrannical ruler. You can see how it warns others of the impeding battles people will soon have to face
The swans look helpless while being attacked by the eagles.
An arguement amount brothers, only their Mother would intervene.  Must be over that woman on the left...
I don't like the colors as they don't blend well and the picture doesn't tell a story.
This picture makes me angry because it is so simple there is nothing going on it should not exist.
The consistent red throughout the painting reminds you of raw anger.
It's annoying because it's abstract and not an image of anything in particular.
This painting seems to have taken very little effort.  It is of poor quality, detail, focus, & color.
Shacks on the right seem cheap and untenable
No one ever says a thing about the way those who come there and are not welcome are treated.
The group of people are looking at the body of the man as if he were some sort of funny spectacle to watch.
The drawings seems incomplete and unfinished.
The subjects facial expression convey's a sense of anger or contempt in such a way that the same emotion is projected onto the individual viewing the painting, making them feel the same.
The blackness makes me angry because it seems incomplete.
The dark colors and expression of the face on the individual provides a feeling of anger.
This just reminds me of a blurry picture, it's almost annoying people consider this art.
This painting shows anger towards a group of travelers
This man looks angry, which is unsettling to look at.
The heathered tapestry is simplistic to an extreme, and it's unworthy of consideration as fine art.
The expressions and dark colors give me a feeling of anger.
I'm not sure why, but this image makes me think of Nazis. The fat belly reminds me of my grandpa when I was a kid. That reminds me of men feeling like they are the most important people and no one else else has a right to anything.
This androgynous human seems contemptuous and snobby
There is so much anger and suffering in this work it feels wrathful.
Looks like Notre Dame Cathedral from the back side.  All those documents and experiments burned to hide their human trafficking.
Although the work is complete, and impressive, it looks lazy to me with its lack of details.
There are so many people depicted that they all blend together and it looks chaotic
Caricature of a elderly man with a monocle and a beard. He looks mean and ill tempered.
It's hardly a work of art to me, there's little that has been done with this subject.
This man is being persecuted and picked apart for being good looking just like in modern society.
The three men in the picture look like they're not very happy about something.
I don't like the way the colors blend together it's jarring.
The content of this drawing disgusts me as much as the black smudges themselves.
The many random geometric shapes seem forced and chaotic and angry especially the red shapes which seem like blood
The white dividing the darker colors looks out of place and jarring
This angry man is attacking a dragon with fire
The figure looks to be really angry while loading the canon.
Chinese or Japanese art always makes me feel fear, anger. This painting looks like he going to jump in or he is fighting the seas.
This makes me feel like shock therapy and chaos
The audience has their arms stretched out in blind worship to a prophet or preacher of some sort. What does he know that people in the audience don't know for themselves? His beard makes him wise looking but is he wise?
Looks like the Spanish versus the English in an epic water battle.  Those darn pirates kept stealing the gold they stole from the New World.
This young man seemed to be upset about Jesus leaving the Earth plane.  He remembers what happened while he was here.
The use of warm colors make this young child's sneer of disapproval look even more menacing on this cold autumn morning
The imagery reminds me of a storm and destruction and makes me feel a sense of anger.
Seeing a man hung up to die questions why he is there.
This photo makes me feel as if im on my heavy days on my period. I know, too much info, but i look at the photo and it makes me think of a really bad period
This woman is being raped and abused and that makes me pretty angry.
To see a rabbit killed, hung up and blood parts showing isn't art to me. I feel such anger..
Every single person that was in this story would have been of middle eastern descent. Yet they are not just white, but literally IVORY.
the sharp edges gives the painting a feeling of sterile cold.  The red and black seem to be encrouching on the other colors,  like a fire burning over the land.  Its uncomfortable to look at for too long.
This scene inspires anxiety and anger.  The amount of traffic and the buildings collapsing in on one another illustrate all the negative aspects of big city life.
How the painting is angled so we are looking up at this man makes it seem like we should be forced to worship him
I feel angry because the man in the red was not invited to the party.
The brutal scene makes me angry the torment they're inflicting because of the life like quality of the art
I feel like someone just dragged their brush across a dirty pallette and smeared it on a canvas. I would LOVE for someone to explain the significance of this piece to me.
This type of painting upsets me, with its incorrect scale and depth perception. The subjects don't have necks and their feet are sideways. Ugh.
The way the lines seem to ferociously come together makes me feel anger.
The coldness in this man's expression makes it hard not to hate him. Even though warm colors are used, this artwork is chillingly cold.
The overly simple play on box depth with a color block is not an attempt at serious fine art.
The expression provides a feeling of anger based on the presentation.
I am confused this looks like a blank canvas here.
This painting seems like a waste of space in my opinion.  Why would you waste a good canvas for a small corner to have some red stripes?
Makes me think that these men carrying the pharaoh would probably not want to be doing this but if they refused were probably killed.
The soldiers to the left make this seem like a hostile negotiation
The way the colors mesh together and darkness of it provides a feeling of anger.
the figures in each of the boxes look like they're ready to go into battle.
It looks like someone with a sword is about to cut a baby in half.
These men appear to be killing the entire forest
This looks like Picasso barfed up a chicken.
The black frame over the rest of the painting makes me mad.
Staring at white wall tiles makes me very annoyed.
Dropping your pen on a piece of paper cannot be called an artwork in any way, shape, or form. This artist should be ashamed
The expressiveness and the way the individuals presented are staring at one another provide a feeling of anger.
the nakedness and the positioning just feels odd at 1st glance
The 2 men seem to be engaging in cheating while playing cards with the woman.
This is not art. This is a piece of paper. If anyone got paid money for this, I am angry.
What is this? A piece of fruit? I can't tell what it is, and that is annoying.
The lack of detail in this drab artwork makes it hard to understand what this artist is trying to say. This man looks like he is trying to make love to the ground.
something obviously bad is happening in this picture and the red tones enhance the hostility
It definitely doesn't look like art to me, looks like a doodle.
The dark colors somehow make the design seem harsh and angry.
The darkness of the blacks and greys make me feel a sense of anger.
The lines and shapes are so chaotic
The color is flat and boring; it looks like the orange was simply used to cover something up
It looks like a guitar, but it's incomplete and abstract.
The royal keeping the men away from grieving the corpse angers me with his arrogance and entitlement
The man looks like he's very grumpy and very unhappy.
I really hope this was a blank image put in by mistake, because it makes me angry to think this was hung in a gallery and people assumed it was art.
It is a blank page that has no art on it.  This is not appealing to me in anyway.  I want to see many colors and shapes being used.  I don't want to see a blank page.
The presence of the cow, innocent and eating, appears to add nothing of serious value to the music-centered work.
It reminds me of an old strict butler who is very judgmental
The detail in his expression looks like he's very angry
The guard seems to be telling the man that he can't read the Bible to the group of people.
The siplicity of the work is almost insulting.  Yellow right angles isn't really art to me.
The dark colors complement the act of violence depicted
jesus is sitting in the cross about to die
Japanese art. The men always look so mad and angry at something. I think they are mad because they had to wear those clothes..Now I feel anger.
This drawing is cluttered and confusing. I can't tell what I am looking at
They revere the child like a god and he is in a cave
The large block of white makes this look incomplete
The ugly little man has no right to put his hands on the innocent girl, especially in a barn.
This painting is very cluttered and chaotic, it makes me feel uncomfortable
The enraged look on the face of the figure bursting through the curtains seems to be leading to a fight
The stars on blue background make me think of Trump, which annoys me.
This painting shows anger towards an enemy
The contrast between the red and black and the black figure in the background make me feel like something bad will happen
The way this is presented provides a feeling of anger.
The demon and the man seem angry and the black and red colors feed this emotion
the figures are gesturing aggressively and threateningly and the scene is dark
The man with an impaled otter on his spear disgusts and angers me
This painting displays some anger, especially the look of the blacksmith.
The space between trees looks like an angree maw and upper branches flail like tentacles
Scary, the blue is ok, but inside the square looks scary. Makes me feel anger for some reason.
I don't like pictures that don't tell a story as this one obviously doesn't.
I don't like pictures thst look like aren't finished or not developed further.
the big splatter of black makes it feel uneasy
I don't like the weird proportion or the color-blocking. The facial features are odd.
Battlefield scene in the darkness created by an eyewitness.  The moment the flag was raised and they declared themselves the victors.  Must be Spaniards.
The orange red color reminds me of anger, and the painting is too simplistic
No matter how much I look at this, a man's arm should not resemble and baby's leg.
This man looks like hes seething in anger and it seems like alot of chaos is going on.
The man looks to be starved and in severe pain as he is being crucified.
The look amd jaggedness of the imagery provides a feeling of anger.
I don't like a painting that doesn't tell a story.
I feel angry because the devil makes people do awful things.
This looks like a nice place in the woods where a bunch of people just left their trash. I hate littering!
The facial expression and flames both seem rage filled.
the expression on the mans face looks very angry, and unpleasant
The colors are bold and dark and the strokes seem angry.
Men on horses seem to be attacking and molesting a woman.
There appears to be a yellow man dragging a bag like a thief.
The artist painted with rage and bitterness, apparently, slashing bold lines on the canvas without regard to beauty for the viewer.
the red immediately reminds me of rage, especially when paired with the erratic brush strokes
the man in the painting looks angry
The way the guy look like he is in cement and cannot move shows anger and frustration.
The women are violently disfigured by the artist, decimating their natural bodies, then emphasizing their high heels.
This shows a scene of war and mainly red angry colors to match.
One woman is maintaining her dignity by remaining clothed in public while the other is exposed for all to see.
This is so uninspired I just feel myself being mad at the person who drew this painting.
I'm confused why there's Russian and a Latin language in the painting. But I do not like the way the woman is bent over the table.
This looks like a mess of monsters or just bad color choice, either way this is dumb.
The artist uses overly bold black lines to decimate the colors and joy of the paint splotches,.
This gives me a sense of anger as I wonder if this many killed the woman at his feet.
I do not like the mood and what is happening in the art
The look on the man's face seems to be a bit on the angry side.
The army of men telling the boy to leave strikes anger.
I don't like the violence in this picture
This black and white photo shows alot of confusion anger and disgust to me especially the way the people are laying around.
The raging sticked figures seem to represent fighting insects or opposing forces, drawn from an unskilled hand.
The person looks quite smug here and their colors show it
This drawing has a level of anger to it to me, the animals even look miserable.
I do not like the look of the photo and the ground
Demon trying to kill babies and mothers trying there best to defend,ptotect and rescue the little ones.
It's very violent and disturbing the way they are acting with the animals, horrible.
This picture shows a story  of sadness and anger and war and fighting.
They were supposed to be hidden, but it seems someone has found out where they are and is now watching them.
This is not the month to put this type of decoration out for the guess, the superstar's sudden death, valentine's day, the birthdays and all of the fans and who will be watching, please put this away.
I do not like the outfits and I also do not like the instruments.
This man looks mad about having to sit there for a portrait.  He must be stern.
I feel anger because this very bland style of art reminds of me paintings that people with little talent create and get applauded for when it takes no technical skills and evokes no emotions in the viewer,
The colors are so splattered as anger feels in your head. The shapes and designed are disorganized as thoughts can be during anger.
why are the men black and working this is screaming slavery which i do not like
We are in no mood to hiking thru these hills today.
This is not art it looks like dirty sinks to me.
A rich man is being carted about by a poor bent over man
i cant understand it and its kinda creepy
The canvas feels cramped with imagery and visual stimulation, but it is chaotic and without order or pleasantness.
The deer blend into the background and the waterfall takes away from them which is annoying.
Though the bold color work is energetic, the overly geometric shapes and presentation of perfect order is overbearing to the point of demeaning individuality.
The artist appears to have finger-painted the cat's head and coat, diminishing the beauty of the animal.
This looks like a triangle and dirt, this is not art this is garbage.
This looks like random shapes and bad use of color, it makes me mad.
Big bold dark splatters and strokes makes me feel a bit angry looking at this.
This almost looks like a doodle in the back of a child's textbook. The scratches in the background make this look rushed and unfinished.
A few shapes, this is not art it is chaos and stupid.
Everyone looks upset and grumpy and cramped
They went to this town and no one knows what happened to them afterwards.
I feel like this is just spilled paint and not an attempt at art.
Stark shapes, without regard to beauty or grace, poison a blank canvas with bitterness.
This looks like a mess, like someone spilled random colors on a canvas. This is not art to me.
do not know why, but i can feel anger if i am staring on it, is it because of the dark colors
Ramshackle brushstrokes, seemingly painted with anger and rage, contaminate a village scene with visual pollution.
I hate that smug look on the guy's face. He's looking down at three women buried up to the neck in blackness, and he looks smug about it. I want to punch him.
The person looks angry because of the frown lines and color choices.
the figures in the painting looks sad and the dark colour is sad too
i can't understand it, making me frustrated,
This painting makes be feel fearful because the man looks to be an important person.
Looks like some sort of ancient text or language
The abstract is marred by heavy patches of brown and blue that overwhelm any beauty on the canvas.
is it just nothing? or i just can't understand it?
The blond woman has an angry expression on her face.
It really hard to make out anything. It looks like it was carved in stone
because it has nothing on it, or just a paint
This is more of a random splash of paint than real art.
The drab colors and shapes offer nothing pleasant or visually appealing to the viewer.
People seem to be rioting and causing pointless destruction.
The gory vertical formation in the center evokes death and slaughter, likely on a battlefield, in this disturbing image.
Paint strokes are choppy and blunt. Dark dead tree in middle.
i can't understand it because is it abstract?
it is hard to understand what is on the paint
it feels so weird staring on it and makes me a little angry
It appears that a beast has clawed and scraped at the canvas with venomous passion, utterly reducing it to a mess.
That is Auntie's old yellow spread that Casey took without permission and turned into a mixed up star.
I cannot tell if this is a painting or a black smudge.
i cant understand the meaning of it, making me feel a little angry
The representation seems unmistakably to be a slaughtered animal, complete with blood and tissue falling from the body, and I'm direly repulsed.
This lady is dressed in her purple dress and is angry because she has to wait.
I don't like images with lots of naked women in them. And why are there always women outnumbering men? That bothers me...
Man is looking to the audience with no smile and hands in pocket.
A woman faints as others angrily plead with a decision-maker to show her mercy.
Too many of these charlatans have come through this town pretending to have cures for us.
cant understand what on it and makes me feel angry
it is kinda creepy and weird at the same time,
women having to wade through the water with the cattle-very subservient.
These men look like they are plotting a violent revenge against some other group.
i cant understand yet i feel so angry, because of it
I feel really irritated by the dark splotches blocking the bright colors and want to just get away from it.
Innocent man being punished by the kings soldiers for speaking against the kings law.
The woman in the picture is perfect, but the picture is ruined by the blurry paint.
Red on woman looks like blood to me as if she has just been assaulted and sitting there in disbelief.
I feel irritated by this scene; the black splotch seems to jar against unclear people and it doesn't make sense to me.
An accurate portrayal of politicians not getting anything done.
Mild anger. This one looks like a jumbled mess and I don't care for it.
The colors clash as if in a tumultuous conflict.
i think it has nothing on it making me feel a little anger
This painting lacks any real detail or proper use of color schemes.
People are kneeing as if they are obeying to a master.  They are being submissive.
The man looks like he being humiliated before the queen.
it feels like a random shapes and it is kinda weird
it looks like a sneeze with blood
it feels so simple and nothing special
The painting lacks proper borders, color schemes or even hair detail.
it feels like it is not finished
it felt nothing and it just looks like nothing, or i just cant understand it
it feels like a random doodle
It reminds me of some obscure hate symbol
This is a random sketch of a square, not a real painting.
This painting doesn't even half any colors other than white.
it like a germs or bacteria
I wish the picture was more clear
the red paint looks like a blood
it felt so unorganized making me feel irritated
This painting is not finished and only shows the head.
Woman is blatantly mad with her furrowed brow.
The womens face paint and position on the floor appear as if she is mad.
This is not a painting but rather a bunch of random scribbles.
The splashes of brightly colored paint do not form a coherent shape.
This painting lakes defined borders for the shapes of objects.
This is an intense image. The contrast between red and black is impactful and deep.
The painting looks like an unfinished drawing of a kitchen plate.
The harsh reds and dark colors on right overrides the softness on left.  The right reminds me of arteries and pounding blood.
This painting makes no sense at all with its random splashes of paint.
The blurriness of the paint ruins the entire painting for me.
seems that the horse man has killed a soldier, i don't like this painting.
The darkness and passion shown makes me feel intense, it looks like there is an issue at hand.
This looks like an fight or explosion -  the dark colors are intense and people look isolated.
The confusion in this painting is kind of stressing me out.
This man seems arrogant and ready to take over some stuff.
The painting looks like it's unfinished, with only the faintest coloring on the suit.
This is nothing but a bunch of blue shapes. I feel like a toddler with a blue crayon could produce this.
Typical psychopath , looks like he would not hurt a fly,.
This man thinks he is more powerful than the church he is holding in his hand.
i told we shouldnt go shopping on black friday
the painting lacks any sort of coloring or depth in the drawing.
I feel a slight sense of anger and arousal. I'm aroused at the nudity of the female anatomy but at the same time I'm more ticked off at  how racist it feels. It just says to me, "white is right" as a pale white female is being worshiped by two dark men.
The painting doesn't even look finished and lacks details in the center.
This looks like a sticky note that someone cleaned off the ink from their pens on.
The high-ground depiction of the men portrays them looking down upon those beneath them.
I get a sense of agitation in viewing this, as if I'm being kept waiting for something like I suspect this woman is in the painting. It's like someone isn't respectful of an individual's time.
There's chaotic energy on this painting and it really rallies me up
Men seem to be gawking at a man in a cage as if he's an animal.
The painting looks horrible as the horse is not even completely drawn.
I don't like that its very close to pornographic material.
The woman looks like she is clenching her fists in anger.
The bold blue area contrasts with the splashes of black, red, blue and yellow, it appears intense purposeful, while the other areas of color appear hurried and sporadic.
A female appears to be holding a skull with thorns around it, as if it is Jesus!
The girl is looking anger and her eyes is looking most powerful.
The color reminds me of burning and it angers me
A peacock is sitting on the rock and it's looking the pond.
The man appears unhappy and impiatient and his poses for the picture.
I was angry because this was a depiction of someone being cruel to another for sport.
My eye was immediately pulled to the cross. It feels intentional and unfair.
The dark red hues around the hand and face look like blood.
The woman in the painting seems a tad agitated what with the furrowed brow and I feel that some of it is being transferred to me, hence anger.
There is always anger on all sides when a union is called to go on strike
For some reason I sense a feeling of anger as I look at this painting, possibly because the person seems to be shielding himself with something  against the heavens, which may remind me of myself. There is also many cracks and what looks like different kinds of water marks on the painting, which create an illusion of imperfection and abandoned morals..
The horse is probably supposed to be a warhorse yet it has this afraid look on its face. I have no idea what that face on the bottom is supposed to be, but it could've used more detail. It looks like an incomplete painting.
Woman being threathened with a weapon
There is a chaotic war scene, full of violence and most likely horrendous imperialism.
The woman has an arm around the child's neck and the woman is glaring angrily.
the face of the man is not clear, the mood uncertain
This woman looks as if she was beaten on the left side of her face. She looks as if she is in shock and needs someone to help her.
Usually you do not wear the fur while it is alive
the cloud looks so horrible and iwith very dull color
The man is standing while the other three are crouched down and he has his hand on the crouched woman beside him as if she were a per or inferior.
The orange color wvokes anger and the columns look chaotic
The look and darkness on his face make me think he is mad at the world.
The elderly man regards the viewer with disdain and skepticism, perhaps awaiting a better explanation.
The lines in the sketch are prominent. the expression of evil on the man with the gun. The old and troubled workers are worried.
Vague and unfinished to me, it feels like procrastination and I don't like that at all.
Looks like someone is being beaten or mobbed by canes or something
he is still pissed off his brother was the one chosen for the quaker oats box
The person facing away from the man seems like he is being lectured to and it's frustrating.
The woman on the right hangs her head while being scorned by the woman in bright red.
The noble man seems to regard the viewer with profound disapproval.
The man looks over his shoulder and down at the viewer, not even willing to turn his full attention to that which he disapproves of vehemently.
Man tries to keep a woman's sexuality hidden but it is always her power.
The young man appears to be degraded by the artist with an astonished expression and warped facial features.
The scene appears to depict prusinors being kicked in the ass
Do not worry my lord I will save the princess
A depiction of the crucifixion of Christ, but the men are wearing medieval clothes.
I feel like I need to cry because of the reality of what is happening.
The red evokes blood from combat, the refuse of death the result, and the butterflies renewal of life.
Jealous anger seems to boil in the person behind the woman in the headdress.
The droopy face and side angled appearance suggests a look of anger.
It seems the artist dislikes the man he's painted, as he's distorted his posture and face, and given him an unnatural pose.
I have never liked the idea of a king that rules over the land.
The mans face is scrounged together and conveys a serious look.
an irritating,rude old man who nobody wants to befriend yet he is happy .
This painting made me feel like he had too much food while others were starving.
The red color makes me feel uneasy and jittery. There's a sense of chaos
The darkness of the forest outcrop and tower dominate the picture and are in contrast with the pastel shades of the town opposite. It angers me that it looks sinister against a pleasant scene.
The stern look of the man has a look of seriousness.
The womens eyes are tightly squinted and drawn down which suggests anger.
The guy with the angry look on his face is about to do something bad to the man on the ground.
This image looks like east german propaganda during the era of the Soviet Union
He really reminds me of my elementary school principal who demoted me a grade back in the 50s.
I feel upset at the war mongering of this fool
The woman's smug visage makes me want to hit her
I like this because i enjoy creatures of the ocean
This gives me a strong feeling of anger with the colors.
The woman standing appears unbothered by the death of the two individuals.
it looks like too many people are trying to get into the boat
The peach color makes me happy
This image is weird because it lacks logical structure and appears animalistic
These conquistadores are about to kill of some Mayans
The woman is naked and looks to be passed out, it feels like an invasion of her privacy.
This picture depicts a child drinking and peeing in public. It makes me feel upset at the artist.
The two people working hard in front of a hot forge remind me of work
I can't quite make out what I am viewing but it brought anger because it looks like its a time that was terrible for everyone.
The twisted, interlocking ropes and knots of color have a disorganized and anxious effect on me. It's very tense. Like being bound.
The person appears to be looking at the viewer with a confrontational gaze.
The blurring makes it hard to tell if you are looking at a male or female.
The man's facial expression looks like he is annoyed with something.
It makes them easier to hide if you ask me.
I don't know what language this is even written in and it is frustrating to not be able to read it.
The man's face makes him look angry.
The sharp, choppy brush strokes done in inharmonious colors are threatening!
The random shapes and all dark coloring gives nothing to focus on.
The people are being thrown out a window on top of the men below with weapons
i dont like how none of this makes sense. it makes me upset.
This reminds me of my sink in the kitchen when it is full of dishes, and I have to clean them
I just don't see how this is taken seriously. It's a couple of lines.
This looks like a blank, static tv which is always annoying to look at.
Looks like people are working hard, under what is possibly a slave master which is sad and fearful
His human face really disurbs me and it looks like something from the Inferno
This is way too busy and looks like the drawing of someone who is mentally ill and off their meds.
The fact that the colored lines have no order makes me angry.
John got made because he said someone went into the homebrew before it was ready and drank ed it down to this point.
The jagged edges and rough texture show a sense of rage and anger. Although it's abstract, there is a sense of stabbing.
The sharp angles feel angry, like they will hurt someone.
The man looks threatening and looks like he is ready to kill
This image depicts war and violence given the cannons going off and fire in the distance.
The brown and grayish looks like dying algae.
The angry eyes of the birds and stiff border annoy me because it doesn't feel fluid.
They lied about this piece of art and now no one knows if they will come back and get the money to them in time
It's bright and should be cheery, but the lack of details in things is irritating.
The man looks pretty angry sitting there
The red looks like a blood smear and it makes me think of death or someone who was murdered.
This mixture of colors and shapes is uncomfortable to look at.
Those men have made him so angry stealing from the bounty and lying about it, now we will see how it goes.
no structure and no detail and appears to be nothingness
The bold black lines on the yellow background are jarring.
I feel angry and annoyed that the room is such a mess.
The smoke stacks look like they're polluting the lovely river.
A strict geometic shape done in stark red conveys sense of authority, which must be resisted.
The bull looks like he may be in a fighting stance. He is keeping direct eye contact and it feels confrontational.
All the specks make this painting hard to look at.  It's too busy.
The black and white pattern draws the eyes uncomfortable downwards.
The butterfly and flower symbolize the innocence of her youth, but that is lost as her nude body is on display for all to see.
The old man in the picture looks cranky so I feel to some extent that anger is projected onto me. Aside from that there's not much to make of the painting.
it makes me feel annoyed. the woman in the painting. her facial expression looks like she is waiting for someone to come home disappointed. she is looking out the glass window with a smug face
The old woman seems to be abusing the little child in this photo so I'm mad
The gold colors are like the sands in a very hot and vast desert
Her manner and facial expression show anger, and the circle around her head calls attention to it.
It is nearly impossible to tell what you are even looking at.
poorly painted and nudity for the sake of nudity
It has an angry look to the face
I can see that there are figures or people and maybe animals, but the entire thing makes me a little anxious, due to the chaotic display of multiple scenes, it appears.
The facial expression makes it look like this creature or god is up to no good and coming for me, an I will fight back
The rich fat man holding a bag of money on a pedestal and the crowds of scared, suffering people beneath him (especially the baby being held up) make me angry
The red circle make this look so evil.
The detail in these abstract paint strokes are too sloppy to enjoy.
A little irritated.It's such a mess.Abstract figures.But it's junk.
Someone with cerebral palsy made this in front of me in 15min once
The people wielding weapons in the background are ready for war.
The man looks menacing on the horse, and the red-orange colors create an energetic mood.
I don't even know what this is supposed to represent to anyone.
The reds and oranges mixed with the man's expression make me feel angry.
these picture make me angry because the artist did not give the right look to the church the picture looks ugly and the fence with the spikes looks like they r trying to keep people out of the church
Art that depicts woman working in fields, while wearing dresses, annoys me.  It just reminds me of how traditional gender roles are still followed by many in today's society.
It reminds me of the resident boarding schools in Canada, which were responsible for so many atrocities to the First Nations people.
This person has nice eyes that go well with his coat, but I do not like the way he is looking at me.
The man reeks of arrogance--his posture, manner, expression, and clothing.
I dislike the change in persepctive from round at the top of the glass, to flat at the bottom.
The woman looks angry and determined, and what's in her hand could be a weapon.
not enough detail to tell what the scene depicts, no poor painting
Religious imagery upsets me, style of drawing leaves a cold feeling.
This looks like something my four year old niece would draw. It has no form and I don't consider it art.
It looks like the woman is begging the man to do something, and I feel bad for her.
The poses of the straining crowd and the pushing of the soldiers make me sense the anger between the two factions.
The disorder and color palate of this image makes me angry, but i like the nude in the background.
The men in the darkness look like they are traitors.
The mismatch of blurred figures is too distracting.
The way the red dominates the pictures gives a feeling of rage underlined by the black.
The orange color makes me furious and is disgusting.
The heirs to the throne sit dying beside their wives dying during a merciless seige on a castle.
Somewhat cute, but the horses are missing bridles, and other things important to riding, and the people are missing faces which is irritating.
There is just too much going on here and this painting inspires some anger and I think that is it's intention. The large X says NO Entry
I do not like the odd, unrecognizable words on the painting.
The colors are very dark and they have a lot of red tones. All of the brush strokes are placed as if the artist was hitting the brush on the canvas.
The reds contrast in a way that make this look harsh.
This reminds me of the saying when people excuse men's behavior by saying "boys will be boys"
This makes no sense whatsoever and frankly is a waste of paint.
the Viking sailed stealthily along the coast ready to take whatever they wanted or whomever
A pretty/handsome person depicted, but they seem to be silently judging me.
The ink blot in the bottom feels angry and like it's attacking the picture.
All the spots of color make this look too busy and gives me a headache.
This is just an arrangement of shapes, I dont really care for it.
The violence depicted in this painting made me angry
It's annoying that the horse is see-through and that the details on things aren't clearly defined.
The shapes and colors of the painting seem random and I don't understand the subject.
The red and orange looks reminds me of a fire
The orange skies and the war ships give off angry vibes. As if the painting takes place on the eve of war. People seem ready for invasion or they just got home from their conflict and are celebrating their victory.
No one wants to go over there anymore since the old man died and the family keeps fighting over the land.
The road cuts into the forest so they had to cut down trees.
hate the lack of detail and structure, with only the face appearing as an actual visual element
The details of the window shutter and the balcony columns are so lovely but then the face is left completely undone.
Most wars are the cause of something religious
the mixing of the colors and chaos in the image give it a lazy feel that i dont like
The red and purple and black in this image makes me feel angry.
The man is holding a weapon and posed in a threatening way.
These women look as if they are being taken against their will. This makes me angry.
The scene makes no sense and just seems like blue and white noise.
This looks like someone was testing a can of spray paint to see if it still worked.
The man will take the birds life for no good reason.
The woman seems to be pleading with her husband but she is being tricked right behind her back.
It makes me feel like it too much for the religious factor.
I'm not so angry about this painting as I can feel the anger. This woman is draped in red and seems to have been wronged.
The clash of colors and chaos of the image does not give me any clarity on what I am seeing.
I have absolutely no idea what this is, so I am frustrated trying to figure it out.  A musical instrument or a pillow like you use in an airplane, with a WWI gas amsk and some gapes on a dining table
It looks like the person in the back is making fun of the man.
I don't like this painting at all.  Limp, dead fish are sad, and the one with its mouth open looked like it suffered.
The yellow splotches remind me of the many times I've messed up in the kitchen and had to clean my mess
To me, the black vase looks like it is angry at the orange, and the orange looks frightened.
For some reason this makes me feel angry because it looks so unfinished.
Get away from me you damn devils, I won't go with you!
Her expression says she is not impressed. With you.
The sharp pointy shapes are harsh and uninviting and make me think of anger.
It has a large battle type emotion to it all
The expression on this man’s face  is one of anger and disgust
I get the slightest of angry feelings what with how red this is. All of the red in this painting gives a bit of a burning sensation like fire that makes me feel irritable.
Looks like Whistler's Great Aunt who really means business--so mind your p's and q's.
The colors are anger inducing.
The fighting and death that is displayed makes me angry.
The imagery of a man being crucified makes me angry as it is a cruel punishment.
The deep red used suggests anger to me.
The facial expressions of the people throwing/ prodding the man on the cross are horriffic.
This sort of painting with no content other than two green triangles makes me wonder why don't we all just become artists and get paid big money to draw nothing.
I think the shapes and the color.are really ugly and I hate abstract pictures like this which makes me mad because I don't understand
Lazy attempt at trying to create contemporary art.
It looks like it's from the Crusades and that was an awful thing.
The people in the painting are dressed up like they are about to go to war, making me uneasy.
That is horrible to be drug through the streets and to have children watching
I feel that this woman is being held somewhere against her will or at least by someone who controls her.
one man looks angry and the other is in fear
the lion looks aggressive
There is a violent energy suggested by the colors and severity of the shapes.
The black semi border ecpresses rage to me
The reddish center with dard edges evoke a mixture of anger and sadness.
The red lines are harsh and uninviting.
It gives me a sense of anger by the expression of the man with a puzzle like feeling, he doesn't seem trustworthy.
This makes me mad because it looks like it took no time to make this drawing and that it is so boring to look at
These people are dressed very fancy for being outside and have a snobbish air about them.
This man looks sad and angry. I think is beard should be whiter to stand out more
The guy in the front look very angry to me and give me a sense of anger nad discomfort when looking at his face
the religious figures make me upset
The boy under the stone looks scared and as if he is hiding from something
The colors in this are very dark and there seem to be people fighting under the bridge.
I am angry because this artwork looks like a test page I printed out of my printer
This picture annoys me because it feels as if the artist did nothing. The picture is essentially blank with a bland frame. I feel as if the artist could have done way more and the wasted potential frustrates me.
The women both look like they are judging each other. The woman on the right has a pose that looks uncomfortable and a face that seems harsh and judgmental while the woman on the left seems somewhat smug.
warriors and the expression on their face makes me nervous.
I honestly hate this picture, too abstract and no one wants to explain their weird work.
The figure looks somewhat frustrated
The proportions and depth perception of the people portrayed seem off and makes me feel irritated when I look at it
This artwork makes me irritated because there was no golden ratio used and it makes the eye wander
the face in the painting looks angry
The tombstone and pale colors made me nervous.
All the various shapes and shades of red are extremely chaotic
I dislike the colors and the detail of the figures in the painting. The lack of contrasting colors ruin the image the painter is trying to display.
The man on the floor always ends up there, ridculed and drunk. There is a lack of respect here.
The choice of colors chosen has a negative feeling.
The plain red painting just reminds me of anger, and the black at the bottom adds to it.
This is art?  No creativity, no talent.
I feel angry because this man's face is painted black. Here in America this is a sign of oppressing others.
don't like seeing dead animals in photos
the colors hurt my eyes
He seems very arrogant
The red is really unpleasing and bright.
the event and composition that I could not make sense of scared me.
The colors are to bold especially the red
The people on the bottom of the bridge look like they are upset at the person walking across it.
The harsh lines and shadowing are causing me to feel angry.
I feel like I am looking at a very messed up jar of eyeballs. The splash of pink doesn't help with all the cool hues
This makes me angry because it feels like there was no thought put into this artwork. It's a brick with two different color ends.
The look on the face of the mourning figure suggests anger
The horses convey rage as they are attacking the men. The colors also have a sense of evil or distress.
Im not happy that people are fighting. It looks like maybe a robbery. I get angry when people fight.
very simplistic,  not symettrical, could have been done by a child, not high "Art"
It makes me feel anger but also sadness because the animal was killed violently
This looks like a building block, not high art, and something that a child could make. its a low quality photo.
I was annoyed that a pig chased its own little animals.
It looks like he is choking himself with his foot.
For some reason the layout of this image upsets me.
some kind of war or battle
I feel fear and anger seeing someone being so brutally killed while others seem unaffected.
not sure what this is, maybe a political poster, anyway, I find it quite irritating!
The dark blue suggests anger to me.
the rooster appears to be fighting the pheasant over territory
This image is upsetting because it says a lot about the difference between different groups and classes. The rich-looking blonde man is holding a bloody sword and glaring grimly at a very skinny dark-haired man who is clutching the blonde's shirt, leaving what appears to be a bloody handprint. The man looks like he is desperately begging for help, and the blonde looks like he doesn't care about the plight of others at all!
intense red color
Disjointed, I have to spend time trying to figure out what this picture is.
The text is blocked and I don't know what all the parts are, which is aggravating.
The mix of so many colors makes me feel anxious and upset
This looks very simplistic; a one colored square shouldn't be considered high art. Looks like it should be a product.
The picture makes me angry because a child is manning a furnace in a garbage heap. That and the proportions of the furnace are way off
The dark colors and sharp angles look angry
I think with the snow and the soldiers the painting is too busy their should be less soldiers
The repetitive nature of this same photo over and over is annoying and aggravating, especially because it isn't clear or neatly placed, which is unsatisfying.
the red colors and the angry expression of the face arouses angry feelings
The exprrssion on the man's face is one of anger.
I feel anger, because I feel like I am looking at paint swatches instead of art
The difference in life between rich and poor people annoys me.
The cruel killing of people makes me angry.
How is this a painting? It makes no sense that putting lines on a sheet of paper is labeled a painting.
The deep red suggests anger
The deep red conveys anger
This makes me a little angry because I feel like this is a picture of a slave.
Looks like she is a cleaner of some sort in the middle ages, and shows how poor she is as she is not wearing any colourful clothing and does nto appear to be in the best of shape. which shows the divide in society
I'm angry because I know how we treated the indians, and it wasn't right.
It looks like it may be a Nazsi.
I am angry because these women are keeping babies in a cage
Red! Always the color red makes me angry.
I feel anger, because it looks like there is pollution going in the air.
murder
This makes me feel darkness. I'm not sure I would go as far as angry, but definitely dark. This is an amazing painting.
i do not believe women should be represented like that.
It is not a womans job to clean!
The lights in this image are stressful to look at
it looks like she is being forced
I feel bored and angry with this painting because it is too bland, abstract, lacking in detail, modeling and proportion.
The painting is cluttered
This painting is very bland
The center of the heart is crumpled, like someone hurt this artist greatly. I feel angry because of the dark colors and the thought of knowing someone caused pain of the heart.
The shapes are chaotic
The bird on the top of the rock looks menacing.
The statue of liberty has red portions to it when it is normally just blue.
The red is an angry red
There is too much black and not enough other colors
An animal being abused
The two'headed vulture feels like it is scouring the vacant land, where the the land used to represent Liberty. The sky feels like smoke, not clouds. It suggests oppression, but also that things were once not this way in this scene.
The colors and shapes are chaotic
It's just abstract shapes and that's a type of art I'm really not a fan of.
Nothing is working out and everything in life has gone to hell.  Cross purposes.
The tree has been destroyed and is now dying.
I feel like this painting is mocking my faith
Because throwing shoes on the ground is not art!
Why would someone think this is art worth looking at?
The lines are not symmetrical
The shapes in this image are chaotic
Im a little mad that someone made money off of this.
the jumble of objects suggests frustration
I feel angry at the thought of men bowing down to the will of the powerful.
Why is the woman laying on the ground naked?
The horse looks like he is being abused.
the battle scene reminds me of war
I feel mad that this passes as art.
The chaotic shapes are uncomfortable to look at
I feel anger because the lines and the colors seem angry.
The woman's red cheeks and solemn look make her appear angry.
Why would a cigarette ad use the last supper? This bothers me greatly and is offensive.
The red is very bright and aggressive
People naked in public
The busyness of the lines crossing over each other brings alot of discomfort to me
Anger  as the image to me promotes young promiscuity.
I feel angry because the apple is black.
I feel like this painting reflects emotions when you're angry. Red is rage, blue is sadness, yellow is the sense of pride, and a little green for the occasional envy.
They look like they plan selfish goals and rules.
This color makes me feel tense and slightly angry.
An angry man
The subject in his rich clothes and proud stance while the working class are faded out behind him is maddening.
As someone who left religion, this painting showing a God in the sky who is supposed to be loving makes me angry
I feel like this is what the past was seen of women.  I feel like this objectifies women.
The disorganization of the lines makes me angry.
It aggravates me that paintings like this are considered art. It looks like somebody is just scratching random symbols on canvas.
Seeing what I assume is a Native American and a European reminds me of the injustices done to the indigenous peoples around the World.
women shouldnt be advertised cleaning
The darkness of the colors and the shape of the tress engulfing the people show a sense of violence and fear.
I'm just really confused looking at it and it ends up just making me angry because I don't know what it is
The dramatic lines provide an angry feeling.
she looks in discomfort
I feel anger because the object seems to be making a mockery of the true Cross.
The look on this man's face is menacing. His expression suggests a capacity for cruelty.
The dramatic lines in black and white seem angry.
It's aggravating that this is considered creative, it just looks like ink running down strips of paper.
The dark color tones of the painting remind me of danger and war and makes me feel angry.
the dark colors and blunt lines feel chaotic and brash
The people look mad and are bright red/orange.
The darkness of the painting and the hostile position of the boats makes me feel anger
People are shooting arrows at the man standing in the middle.
Slavery around
Knowing that somebody probably paid a lot of money for such a painting tends to anger me for some reason.
The woman is scolding the man.
Reminds me of graffiti and punks and gangs in the city up to no good.
The white scratches look very angry on the black background.
Much too simplistic. If I knew what it sold for I might be less hostile towards it... say, for example, if a friend had painted it I would find contentment. If it sold for more than a thousand at auction, though, I would be very annoyed.
The lines and dramatics of them seem angry and unscripted.
This is just red, a color that tends to invoke anger. It's also the most simplistic piece I've seen in this exercise.
I don't like the man's blue skin nor the big woman's expression. The blonde woman's head is much too small.
I feel anger because red and black are often used to show anger.
The bird appears to be angrily squawking on top of the pile of rocks.
This painting looks like a child's piece of paper they were scribbling on.  It makes me angry and sad that this is considered art work.
City signage in neon used to be cool in the 1980s and fun.  It's quite disturbing to see it being used to express a message such as violence.  However, neon is appropriate to symbolize city life.  The play on violins is interesting and contradictary.  Since, violins are associated with sad feelings.  I guess it is the aftermath of violence.  The blurred overlapping on words also suggests confusion of messages.
The look of the man's face makes me feel mad.
This is boring art that makes me angry because it shouldn't be considered art.
it seems like the man is forcing the touching
A weired position
This is clearly a battle or a war between two groups, the colors and actions depicted in the painting are to evoke a feeling of anger
I don't know how this passes as art, it is boring and a waste of a canvas and paint. There isn't even a picture.
The bright red color is scary and not calming.
This is a lazy piece of art that a child could do.
Much too simplistic for my liking, although I did spend more time looking at it and trying to find meaning in it than I would many other simplistic pieces.
This is not art, it's just a bunch of random lines. What a waste of a paper.
Another one where I just don't know what its supposed to be it looks like a zoom in on old wood paneling
the starkness of the colors and the contrast between them coupled with the slightly rough texture
I love the blue background, but the guy in this painting looks very angry.
The expression seems like one of anger.
Flashbacks of Imelda Marcos! This picture reeks of over-consumption.
The red on the right is chaotic.
the red makes me think of fire or anger
Much too simplistic.  Such artwork annoys me knowing that it probably sold for a lot of money.
The plight of native Americans can never be fully comprehend on paper with ink.
the stark, dark colors
The red letters spelling war are angry.
The red looks aggressive and angry
the middle and right side figures both look quite angry
The man looks annoyed.
This ocean scene brings me no pleasure. I dislike the colors and the dots, and there seems to be a digital distortion going on here.
A chaotic situation
How the heck does this even qualify as art? My grandson is 2 yrs old and could put more effort into it
This brings up almost a feeling of anger because of the black background and scribble like drawing. Feels like somebody was angry when they drew it and just scribbled and scratched in this dark manor.
the woman's face looks quite angry
Things aren't built as good anymore and without reasoning.
There's a distortion that's almost digital about this image. I also dislike the colors. They look warm but feel cold.
This makes me think of war which providesva sense of anger.
the stark, dark red and black
the woman looks slightly angry
the red looks like blood but also the strong contrast of the color red evokes a sense of anger
the angry face on the man makes me feel like they are going to a war.
This is highly disordered and I do not like that in paintings.
the dark background and the fragmented pattern
I'm not sure what this painting is saying or meaning. I however think it has something to do with taking away.
The person looks wealthy and makes me angry I'm not
the dark background color
Chaotic situation
This looks like it's done by a child, not very good work
The colors are very abrasive, the red hues make me feel a sense of anger and distrust.
The figures are too cluttered together
No. This is way too simplistic. The shapes and colors could hardly be more bland.
Another person begging
the figure looks slightly mad
I don't like this spotty kind of impressionism. Several of these that I've seen look digitally corrupted, but I don't know if that's intentional. The squares break up the flow of the colors.
the black and white squiggles almost feel violent and angry .
I makes me angry I'm not sure why. I just feel angry
This seems angry in the way the lines are so dramatic and all over the place.
It looks as if the city is on fire, and the colors seem like rage.
This reminds me of war and seems like the person has an angry stance which gives me a feeling of anger.
This gives me an angry feeling because the man seems to be reaching up toward the heavens as if in anger.
The man looks very irritated.
The man looks very confused and angry.
The woman's face does not look pleased.
This woman's face, and frankly her hair, make me angry.
the dark red and orange colors suggest it
The woman in the painting looks mad or upset about something due to her lips being pursed.
I feel angry because this record has been broken but taped back together. I feel the creator did not want to throw this broken record away due to the sentimental value.
The bright red makes me think of anger and blood.
It reminds me of a Nazi soldier accosting a village girl.
the yellow between the gray tones is alarming
the concentration of orange color makes me angry, but also the face of the woman at the table with the white collar looks angry
the colors and straight lines feel chaotic and angry
the arrows in his body look painful
the color and chaos of the painting seems angry
The strokes in this piece are very chaotic and unsettling
The lines are chaotic
the entertwining makes my brain crazy
THE LLOK ON THIS MAN'S FACE SEEMS STERN.
I feel like the brushstrokes here are applied to hide, not to show.
I honestly have no idea what the artist is trying to say here.  it makes no sense to me.
This is not art to me, this is something a child can do.
Not in     the mood for this kind of living tonight, trying to relax.
Its dark color choices is giving me a bad feeling.
The way the figures are stacked makes me feel uneasy and mad that at any moment it could come tumbling down.
I like hamburgers with meat and cheese, at least, so it makes me angry that they're advertising bread and calling it hamburger
The half man half horse creature makes me feel mad about how he is handling the women.
Looks like useless items my ex woul leave lying around.
The bold, brazen and disordered colors emote anger
The group riding the horses into the people and over the bridge makes me mad.
Is this an overturned dinner table or the aftermath of a battle? Both would cause me to be angry. Anger at the chaos of sensless conflict.
Too much color and the composition is hectic.
Why is the man at the top of the hill throwing things at the other man and the goats? Is he trying to make them fall? That makes me angry.
It feels like the artist was angry when he painted this due to the bold colors and lines.
The painting imagery of people being hurt makes me feel mad.
it looks like there is an argument happening in the picture, and it's very dark
The red and yellow feel like anger and the brush strokes feel like harsh commotion as if there is a violent fight.
A fight is happening
Just a boring orange bar, it feels lazy. Maybe it looks good in person but here it just looks like a mistake.
This looks like an orgy and I don't condone that behavior.
Reminds me of tough times.
There are faces on the painting that looks angry. The color of the painting provokes anger.
The flag like shapes are chaotic yet uninteresting.
I have always been angry at the soldiers mistreating Jesus. Pulling his hair and tying him up. The agony drawn in the face and the.anger drawn in the soldiers' faces.to me it seems like the artist did not finish because it was too intense and emotional.  I wish my scribbles could look this amazing
The painting and the colors used look like war and conflict and that makes me anger that humans still fight.
This is messy, I don't like the colors, the rendering, or the design. I have already seen this painting, I hated it then, I still hate it.
I am already tired of Christmas imagery.
The bright red feels symbolic of anger.
The yellow and red signal a feeling of anger and the brush strokes create movement making the fury seem to  be intensifying as if the figure stole some fruit.
The various expression on the faces of the characters
This reminds me of war which makes me angry because I hate when people fight.
the person in the picture looks mad
Not a clear picture
Not much light
Best painting makes me feel like I want to go have a drinkbest painting makes me feel like I want to go have a drink of vodka
to me pieces done like this are a lack of effort cause it comes off as a poorly done paint by numbers.
The crude and stark style suggests anger
It gives me a mixed feeling of fear and anger. I think the way in which, what appears to be a fairly manly man (reference the beard) is dressed possibly potrays violent instability, backed by his seemingly clenched fists.
Idon'tseepieceslikethisas'art'itcouldbethewallinsomeone'shouse
The painting makes me angry because it reminds me of how cruel people can be.
The way the man sits and acts like he is above everyone else makes me angry.
Contrast between the happy playful white people and the sad and angry black people
The figure's expression looks somewhat angry
Children being pushed
line drawing of an asian wealthy person being served by someone.
It took a couple of glances but I see the angry faces.  Being stared at like this makes me angry as well.
Unclear picture
The woman's face suggests anger
A young person begging
The man's face looks threatening.
It looks like this got destroyed or hurt a little and that upsets me.
The crude style and the colors used
Both faces look angry and all of the darker red in the background also spurs anger.
I can't really explain it, but my first reaction was anger for some reason
A women without dress and tortures behind her creates furious to punish the awful person
The starkness of the colors suggests it
The sick woman is begging for help and the man looks disgusted.
This seems to be a picture about slavery or the power of oppression
The dark and gritty colors create a tense a scene. Although the subject's face seems to be calm, you can see the stress in her foot and ankle, which are highly detailed and draw in your attention.
The red and yellow and chaotic brush strokes feel like an angry confrontation but the white gives a feeling that a resolution is near.
The colors are heavy and angles sharp creating a feeling of unrest.
Not many colurs
whilst the color is nice, I do not like the message contained in the painting, nothing but lies.
The chaotic pattern and dark black makes it feel angry to me.
This is not art, this is a beach towel or something anyone with a ruler can make.
I do not like that this photo only uses two colors. To me this has nothing to offer and no real time took place to do this.
it is too simple black and nothing thus makes me upset
This is not art, this is a mess of paint.
The colors are nice, but the whole thing looks like a chaotic hot mess.
This looks like the artist laid down the background but nothing else and I feel mad since I was expecting to see a full scene.
It makes me feel angry and anxious with the color scheme.
The mess of chords in the background makes my OCD act up
I dislike leopard pattern on anything, it makes me angry.
Seems dismantled.
The sharp shapes and dull colors make me feel suffocated and aggressive
The expressions of the men in this painting make me feel angry like they are
All the edges are sharp and dont line up
That the man is being ubused
The faces are very angry and scary.
This painting makes me feel anger because that is what is being displayed.  The colors are very subdued as well.
These are just weird shapes and I hate that somebody took the time to create this.
Everything about it looks upset. The angles, the shapes are all situated in a way that makes the painting/picture look angry.
He looks very angry.
Anger because I do not like what this flag represents anymore.
I diagree with the shapes and they way they are placed in this work.
The man in the foreground appears to be angry about something.
This is nothing and should never be displayed anywhere.
It's very choppy.
I feel anger by the way that someone has left the fish to die.
The angles and edges drawn throughout this painting are very harsh, and the colors are dull.
It's just a jumble of not very pretty colors and shapes.  I don't like it at all.
The figure with her hands on her hips looks like she could be admonishing the others
I hate that somebody put this together. It does not make any sense and looks like a waste of time.
The different pieces of wood suggest something having been broken.
This is a really crappy picture and I could do better.
i see slaves working
anger on the king who waged the war
I'm mad because I can tell what this is supposed to be, but it's way off.
I feel it is an image of soliders off to battle, which upsets me as this could he their last march.
The face is intense and it appears he exploded with rage.  It is dark with being black and white and the "x" for his mouth
The bottle makes me think of someone reading the newspaper while drinking and getting angry about what is in it.
There is something warlike in the face and a suggestion of armor.
The raw edges on the piece and the crumbled paper remind me of the anger of trying to write and not getting it right. The journel  could be something to write in or a newpaper .
The colors and shapes used make me uncomfortable. I dislike the lack of detail.
It looks like they were actually going to paint something, and then fell asleep.
The woman is beautiful
The scratches are distracting.
I dont identify with any of the objects in this work of art
The black and white oval is a bit menacing.
The size of the whale and the lack of color suggest anger
This is clearly a well of man, use to more then his share, and taking from others!
Dude I super hate this piece of work. The yellow is gross, and the shape is terrible.
The scribbled appearance implies a lot of deep anger in the artist
War scares me.
The seeming angles of the face and body seem harsh.
The figure on the left appears demanding.
The subject of the painting is a symbol for unnecessary death and suffering.
The brush strokes and color suggest rage.
This painting is just a black smudge and it frustrates me.
I see indigenous people who are fighting a European style that has invaded their culture and changed their dynamics with each other.
The two men in the painting appear to be fighting, and they seem to be angry.
he looks judgmental
The red in face and how serious the person is.
This is a strong painting. The harsh background seems to match the scene in the forefront.
The artist's strokes create a sense of distress.
This is not well done and very harsh on the eyes
Too rough around the edges and not colored enough for my tastes
Broad black strokes appear to be angry.
I'm angry someone would try to pass this color swatch off as a painting.
There is an authority in the simplicity of the elements in the painting that suggests some anger.
Harsh lines, the hint of red makes me feel like its anger. Maybe blood
forcefully punishment
The intensity of black colors reminds me of the ruins after a fire.
The hard and thick black strokes against white makes the strokes look even rougher and more aggressive. Gives me a feeling of anger.
All the dark makes me angry idky,
I see no point in this painting. It's too abstract for me to understand. What is the point of it? There's barely anything to see, and just because of that, am I supposed to call this art? No. It's very frustrating to look at.
I feel anger towards those Jews who murdered Jesus
The careless strokes just make this feel like vandalism.
people committing suicide
The shapes that I can't figure out make me angry.
This picture shows me nothing. It makes me angry. There's nothing to analyze. it is a complete waste of time. A simple cross with nothing else to offer, but a frustrated viewer.
The broad black strokes look angry.
There appears to be the possibility of an argument between the people depicted.
It looks like God trying to force people to remember his crucified son to make them do his bidding.
This makes me upset because there is too much black and it reminds me of a funeral.
This is just a splotch of black on a white background.
The broad black strokes look like the painter was angry. It's definitely not relaxing/comforting!
This woman appears to be in a false position of authority, a usurper to the throne
The brush strokes and color suggests anger.
The bold angry looking slashes are very disconcerting.
The red square at the bottom resembles an open mouth, and the shapes above this square resemble an angry person being combative.
There is absolutely nothing to this. You could draw this in about five minutes, and people will pay a stupid amount of money for it.
The slashes of color make me think of anger. I'd say it makes me think of anger more than feel angry, but that's the best feeling word I can think of.
The brightness of colors mixed with the somewhat haphazard way they were applied gives off a manic energy.
The look and expression on the person's face makes me feel anger.
It is dumb, has bad colors, and looks entirely retarded
It's very messy and chaotic as if done with rage.
The way the paint is splattered looks frustrating.
sad cooped up in a cave
This looks like someone trying to express their anger, especially with the big use of red
It feels like I'm trapped.
I don't believe in a monarchy and soldiers to rule the kingdom.  It isn't right.  Public display of weaponry makes me mad.
The river and the  boat are well painted
This is just a bunch of scribbles and it makes me mad.
The black chaotic lines are intense and very abrupt against the white. It reminds me of what I see when I feel angry with someone. The colors are not warm and inviting but stark and angry.
It's a jumbled mess of color and it is very rageful and chaotic.
The colors and crazyness of this painting evoke feelings of anger.
The lines are going every which way. The chaos depicted brings out intense feelings of loss of control which for me is angering.
The paint seems to have been put on the canvas with some energy but it doesn't read as positive necessarily.
This doesnt even look like a painting it looks as if someone took a photo of a rocky service and said taa daa
There is a quiet anger in the face of the figure
Because of red and black color and how it's painted roughly
The battle scene made me nervous.
The warm harsh colors express anger
The lines fell frantic to the point of a loud  temper tantrum.
The lady looks angry and tired.
I do not like this sort of art, very displeasing to the eye
There is too much going on for a painting of literally nothing.
This painting reminds me of a battle scene. The red could be blood, the black men in uniform, the white gunfire.
Because the yellow pieces have no reason to be there. I am OCD.
the picture shows angst and the colors are not happy colors.  to me, this picture is angry or mad
This looks like an angry person threw paint at a canvas
The colors clashing with each other are very unpleasant to view.
It reminds me of being forced to go to Mass and the Nuns that taught at my school.
i just don't like it. it bugs me. it's too dark and it's too overtly religious
Seems to be a picture of an animal attacking another animal. Not cool with this image.
i see fighting and grief
The black splatters feel like they were made in anger.
a man is being whipped
The lion furiously attacking  the other animals with anger.
This painting represents the utter pain and powerlessness of supposed criminals (Jesus in middle) enjoyed by uppity, puffy Romans for their own entertainment.
The darkness of the majority of the painting overwhelms the few brighter spots.
The chaotic black paint feels angry
Reminds me of my mother, because she loves horses. We have no love for each other.
These splotches of clashing colors don't sit well with me.
The man appears to be holding a bottle and intoxicated. Perhaps trying to show the nasty side of a person that comes out sometimes. Like a zombie.
Although there is a good deal of color, the black seems to overtake it.
The painting is dark and spare which makes me think that the anger is slowly accumulating.
Because the squares to not have rhyme or reason. I am OCD.
It is like there is something underneath all those black lines that I want to see but cant because the black lines are blocking it
This painting seems dark as if someone was going through something an just threw the paint at the canvas
The clash of colors and the dripping effect upset me. This painting is nothing.
It makes me want to protest.
The figure has a look of determination on his face
shouldnt be showing naked pics
just red no real art anyone can do this
The man is stealing a woman apparently against her will, and the horse is trampling dead people.
The man seems very angry.
Adam and Eve sinned by partaking of the Knowledge of the Tree of Good and Evil and then knew their nakedness. This painting almost shows their arrogance.
Its a painting of adam and eve and that this image has been redone thousands of times its no longer original
Eve's about to be blamed for everything. The gray and white makes me feel the coldness of the moment.
The original depiction that women are "evil" from a man's point of view
the look of peeling paint makes me feel like i have got so much work left to do. extremely un relaxing
Brings out anger in me that there are people like that out there.
the splashes of white paint under the dirt feels annoying
Dark, ugly picture and the symbol reminds me of a swastika
The black is beautiful
The scratchiness of the marks looks a bit violent
because it makes me angry that someone leaves the canvas blank and call it art.
A dead deer that somebody probably killed.
The abundance of red color makes me feel agitated and angry.
Because this man has an angry and confused expression on his face.
Shows a man hanging from the ceiling.
There is literally nothing on this canvas and I was expecting something. When I look at art, I expect to see a display of skill and imagery and this picture has neither. It makes me feel cheated.
goofy face
The sun is too red.
The bull is on fire.
This doesn't tell me anything. It makes me upset because there really is nothing to break down. What's the point of this? Normally I get upset at the things I cannot understand.
The person who created this is angry and immoral
woman in red , her face is angry
Expression on face looks very determined
The man's expression with his pursed, almost snarling lips and gaze off to the side create a sense of anger.
This is beautiful
Anyone could do that, it takes no talent to paint that.
I feel angered because this painting shows truth. Truth of how we take advantage of our place in the world to fulfill only our needs as humans, without regard for the world around us.
A day full of stress and nothing is going right. The red is anger swelling.
The use of black and the sharp lines show anger
The dark colored squares over lines that denote movement makes me feel constrained and restricted, which also makes me feel anger.
the face looks angry and irritated
I find this picture extremely frustrating because it is too abstract. It's basic orange background with clumps of different colors makes me feel as if I am missing something.
I feel anger because there's no other pieces to go with the woods just sitting there with nothing to work with.
The picture depicts oppression.
The man appears to be unhappy.
I don't like this man's face
The imagery makes me feel upset
stop showing me photos of ugly white guys
I wanna punch the smug guy in the face
The man has a very complacent look on his face, as if he could care less if something bad happened before his eyes.
I hate his nose
they look to be fighting
I hate the way he's holding his hand
The wealthy white men who were in power long ago were rarely good people. He looks angry and formidable.
he looks mean
That my savior was crucified without a cause and the participants are angry men.
Nazis are no good. Plain and simple.
I really don't like this mans face
I wanna hit this guy
Represents war and anger.
this guy has a stupid face that I wanna punch
The man in the picture looks angry so it makes me feel his anger.
It art design depict some set in bondage
Picture is vibrantly colored, subjects in photo have weapons showing a battles is imminent
The man seems to be pouring hot water on the other man's head.
the painting shows destruction and killing
this guy has a stupid pose that I wanna wreck with my fists
this old man is ugly and I hate him
I wanna punch the stupid lady in the face with her stupid dog
The hardness of the image, the blade, the angry and pained expression speak violence and betrayal.
I can't figure out why but this picture portrays anger.  Maybe it is the dark background.
It looks like a realistic portrayal of an assault, or abuse.
Nobody should be hung like that on a cross
The man doesn't look happy with his work
The yellow and red at the top looks like fire
I don't support bull fighting and matadors as pictured in the background
The man has an angry face as he looks at the cherubs.
The vast amount of red in the background ellicits feelings of anger
The bold dark lines add to the sternness of the man
The man is dead serious about something. I’d be scared to stir his emotions any more than what they already are.
The man in this image looks angry with the scowl on his face and clenched fist.
A very aggressive piece.  Reminds me of toxic male masculinity.
These people are fighting and rheir faces make me angry for them.
This one uses sexist old tropes and religion.
This piece looks like someones child created it and it fell out of a folder and got wet. This makes me angry because this is not a piece that I would consider art with no real thought put into the piece with the most basic shapes
Pieces like this make me angry because I do not see how there was any talent behind it. It really looks like a basic painting a child would create. The brushstrokes are basic and the colors are primary theres no hey come look at this at all in the painting
it looks like a destroyed smartphone screen
The man in the photo looks angry and like he is arguing with someone who is just out of the frame.  His wife looks like she is recoiling from the person out of the frame.
The woman appears to be angry with someone
That man appears to be attacking a small woman.  However she doesn't appear concerned.
The man is hunting a magnificent lion
HOW is this considered artwork? This makes me angry because its literally just pink with a white shadow outline of a person. There is no detail no nothing
seeing the deep reds in the picture remind me of anger
The deep reds are the color of anger
This looks like an angry mob trying to kill the naked angels.
Getting ready to kill someone creates anger and diguist. Things can be worked out.
Thios annoys me because a two year old kid could do it -in fact there's probably hundreds of images like this in schools throughout the world!
Another abstract, but this one makes me feel anger, to dark, to sad.
I hate these plain images. They just seem so low effort.
It's just a black square on a white background. I'm sure the artist would say it's a vase or something, but it looks like a waste of canvas.
There's room for minimalism in art, sure, but the room here is in the dumpster out back. I'm a little peeved.
Chinese art can be beautiful or angry. I do feel this guy is really angry.
The black square looks like a steep cliff that jets over the ocean
The colors go well together but I don't like abstact paintings that make no sense to me.
This art is confusing which does not allow understanding. There are so many things being done.
This art has lots of confusion which creates anger to understand what is trying to be said.
Pastel beige color is pretty, but this women looks angry, Sure made me feel sad, and angry.
The color splotches on bubbling red seem too see simplistic
Rainy day in the town, clouds look scary, I feel anger in the clouds.
The scene is of a violent nature but the colors go well together.
OH MY GOD. THEY'RE JUST BOULDERS AROUND A TABLE TOP! HOW IS THIS ART?!
This is not art to me, it looks like the number eleven or a prison uniform, I'm angry because the artist is not a true artist and should not be credited.
When I look at this painting I feel angry because everything is everywhere in the painting things look like they are falling all over.
The sharp rust colored paint strokes causes irritation and mild anger.
The levels of people look like good v. evil
I feel like I'd be doing you a disservice if I didn't skip the renaissance/baroque religious periods, as again, these make me a little perturbed that these terrific talents didn't train their skills on a subject to capture other than the damn church icons.
What kind of a twisted drawing manner is this? The faces especially make me mad.
The feathered hat and fur collar show animals used for vanity.
These two must be up to something wrong, plotting and conspiring, I can see it in their faces.
this is just dark and evil looking.  i like the contrast of the black and navy but there's just too much black.  looks like the universe exploded
The poster look like political propaganda.
This painting shows nothing but a blank space to me. I like paintings that show something.
The guy in the black looks mad with fury.
This is black and gray with little to no effort ny the artist
This is not art to me, it is a table with an orange construction paper on it and someone left some cutting at the top, I'm angry because this is not worthy of being called "art".
While I love this painting, it makes me feel angry. The bold red and the uneven lines make me uneasy.
Slain griffin dragon.  These two definitely hated each other. Perspective draws the eye to the center.  This otherworldly event is happening again.
The panicked looks of the women  while the men attack upsets me.
A little angry, because of the way the representatives from around the world are depicted: the civilized whites are dressed properly, while the African is half naked.
He do something wrong or she did something right, either way someone is watching this scene play out.  The figure with horns and animal head is very suspicious.  I suspect foul play.
The man's tight facial features makes him appear arrogant. He seems to be looking down on the person viewing the painting.
The painting is depicting a gruesome scene and it makes me uncomfortable and sad to look at.
I'm also angry because she passed out in front of the open window naked!
The general's face is so mean, I can tell he cares nothing for people's lives.
I've never understood why anyone would want to keep reliving something as dark, horrible and painful as a crucifixion, but here we are, for the umpteenth time, and it's pissing me off.
This would be a great meme for Republicans versus Democrats.  Can we all just get along?  Memorialized in stone, the devil is in the details.
The shadows of the figures are scary and in stark contrast to the figures themselves.
Noone should be nailed to a cross
Looks like someone dropped a paint can on canvas and rolled in it.
If you ever had cursive writing classes in school, you should recognize this as "trying to write the capital letter G".
This old Chinese, man looks real mad at something, and this makes me feel anger also..
the color red makes me angry
The subjects in the art are angry that I can't help but also get angry looking at it.
This picture looks incomplete. The big shape of pink reminds me of pills I use to soothe my upset stomach while the green and orange resemble contents found in the stomach. None of the elements of the painting go together at all, and the painting seems completely devoid of meaning. It's an unpleasant viewing experience.
This looks like a used paint palette flattened out.
THe yellow makes me feel the artist is mocking me with his "art".
The man in the picture looks like he's mad about something.
Abstract of a man, he looks mad. I am not into abstract so I feel anger like the man in the picture.
It looks like im stuck in traffic and can't get out-feeling trapped.
These guys have fear in there face, I feel sorry for them.
art schools mostly forbid women until the late 19th century, and that's infuriating
I actually thought the picture didn't load, for a second. This is very bland. I'm not fond of minimalist stuff, but especially not when it's mostly white.
It seems like it would be a revolution banner.
It's just a line and some curves which is super easy and uninteresting
The statue's face looks mad so it makes me feel angry thinking about what he's thinking about
This is just a bunch of lines and not art. I hate things like this.
It seems as if the man to the right was rushed in the process of the painting as it doesn't match the rest
The face looks irritated and annoyed
The man has a look on his face that makes him seem mad or aggravated.
The red spot gives off the impression of drop of blood on a clean surface
The colors are irritating and it looks like an optical illusion
I don't know what the red and blue rectangles mean, but the overall red evoke anger.
This looks like postmodernist art, I did a really boring assignment on postmodernism recently so this is frustrating
Dislike. I don't like pictures that refer to organized religion. I will give point for color.
The person looks like he's mad with his expression and movements.
The buildings are drawn in an incorrect perspective, this annoys me
I hate photos like this. It shows a dominate make in a patriarchal society being held up like some sort of god.
The crucifixion of Jesus makes people angry. I also feel sadness and anger.
I don't like this picture because it has religious overtones in it and I don't believe in organized religion.
the angles are very harsh and the reds and oranges look like dried blood
The man seems to be bracing himself for something very unpleasant.
Its not a particularly well drawn portrait, the eyes are wonky
Pure swirling anger here directed squarely (pun intended) at his target.
This is just two squares and it's silly that this is considered famous art because a child can do it
I was his girlfriend before he met her and i am still jealous of his new life.
I think this is a waste of canvas and paint-pointless drivel.
The lady looks mean or mad.  She looks like she is glaring at someone.
the red color makes me think of anger
the orange color makes me feel mad
The male has an angry facial expression and aristocratic clothing.
The face is belligerent, with its sharp beard and calculating eyes.
The angry black blob has ared eye that has destroyed the order and colorful background.
She is not a lazy woman , stays busy all the time.
The gesture of the figures suggests conflict.
This looks like a child made it, it isn't very artistic and it pisses me off for being so out of place.
The pinched brow of the man, his open lips and his drawn fingers are aggressive.
the dark colors make me feel dark and angry
I worked all night to get this project done.
The harsh red angles are unsettlings with the dark figure.
it looks like a troll or something, with an angry face.
It is cartoonish and I hate it. It actually makes me mad to see it.
I feel anger at this picture as it is very child like and I can't tell what they mean here.
This depicts what a great melting pot we are until you spot the KKK in the back.
Now let me tell you, you can't believe a thing he tells you.
the women bowing before a man is subservient and annoys me
The lady looks like she is angry about something.
The colors are too striking and blinding, very frightening
The white and grey streaks look like their stabbing into something, and the red spots are blood.
The sharp red tones create a sense of urgency and anger
He finally found out what what was going on behind his back while he was at work, so now she pays.
Everyone in the picture appears to be hurt and in distress - seeing that makes me angry.
The human looks angry, and the mess bothers me
I feel anger because the picture depicts a person being fitted up to die. While the person is not being crucified in the picture they are being measured and the people in charge are doing it so clinically. They are not empathetic of the sadness of the women in the foreground and they are definitely very uncaring about anything the person being measured might feel. To be so clinical over suffering and not offer any comfort makes me angry.
A man watches as another man is what I'm guessing is whipping a person tied to a pole its hard to imagine just watching
If this is abstract painting techniques, the painter failed. I feel darkness and anger.
Geisha men I think are associate with Japan. I feel anger, mostly because these people always look mad.
This guy looks angry and mad at something, I do see the anger in his face. Now I feel anger.
Color and tones of this makes one feel anger, and aggression.
Their fists are in the air ready to fight
He never seeks peace and the red in his garments stands for all the blood he has shed over the land.
i knew there had to be a reason she came out of the room, she must be very angry about his infidelity.
The man has an angry facial expression
Why are all of the people standing there instead of taking Jesus from the cross?
The woman looks bossy and arrogant.
The man looks angry for some reason
It looks like the subjects are in the midst of a battle
I'm angry because whoever painted this should not have put a scull in the painting since Jesus rose from the dead, he did not die and leave a skeleton.
This portrays the crucifixion of Christ and two criminals. The sky is clouded over, a Roman soldier is on a horse holding a spear, and people appear to be grieving.
The distress on the womans face is only recognized by the fallen petals from her flower as HE goes off to work and leaves her alone. as the child also leaves, she is a bereft of life as the plant and the colors of the piece.
i see this as smog and pollution with industry and smoke stacks behind
Why aren't these people helping Jesus get down from the cross?
I feel crowded and angry because of all the lettering around the image and the image is red and explosive.
There seems to be a bit of anger on this womans face.
Very scary face of a man, reminds me of the Dorian Gray painting. I do feel anger and disgust.
The colors are very brilliant in this photo. I sense anger in this photo the way the mans face is and the way he is killing the snake.
Abstract art, this one makes me feel anger. Much to much red and no story in it.
My brain has trouble sorting through the complex shapes and lines.
This man looks like he wants to have a fight with me and I would fight back.
Sorry this isn't art to me, looks like blurry people. I could do better. I feel anger.
I feel like god is being wretched from existence
The darkness of the colors and the shapes being clustered shows anger to me.
Random lines painted on what looks like pavement would get me a D in art class, but someone got paid for this.
I feel anger because there is a man about to be beat for being in the presence of this couple.
The colors and texture remind me of a wall in a 90's alleyway.
She reminds me of the evil stepmother from Cinderella because of her harsh demeanor.
this painting seems to envoke anger with the colors, and the expression on the man's face.
The deciding battle ending in victory.  The moment before we took their flag.  A time of war...
The men appear to be in the middle of an argument.
He looks like he wants to hurt someone.
The colors and shapes are so simple that I fail to see them as artistic.
Someone got paid good money for this, and my kindergartner could paint the same!
The red on the ladies face looks like blood.
This looks like a scene of chaos and anger. Almost like a war.
It appears that the guy in the picture is cheating in the card game.
This looks like a waste of a canvas, this isn't art its a bad joke.
There doesn't appear to be a subject to the piece.
This is an angry Samurai, his face is scowling he doesn't look happy.
The expression on her face seems angry and makes me angry with her.
The high priest pays Judas to betray our Lord Jesus.
His stance implies that he's pompous and rude.
the colors look like it is just a piece of fire zoomed in on
the center figure seems to be causing pain to the two other figures
a picture of bad photography is not what i call art
The red squares keep reminding me of what anger is like, as they resemble angry eyes.
This looks like brown and orange smears, not art and it makes me mad.
The red and black paint around his face adds to the intense look to his eyes!
This artwork is red and black, so inherently colors suggest darkness and fire, and the subject seems to be the spread of ideas, how the aggressive thoughts of one person spread to others and become theirs, how these fears and hates can be spread by media outlets, and other people. I will say it makes me resentful and even a bit angry, towards those who stoke this madness for personal or political gain and in so doing, make the world a little more miserable for everyone.
There is slight anger because the reds that accentuate the man's face and hands and the man's strong facial lines make the man look really intense in mood.
This painting is nothing and means nothing to me, it has no depth
Two men overpower a naked woman as her baby clings to her leg and another child looks on.
The colors, particularly the red, seem to be signaling rage.
The little girl has marks on one side of her face like she has been beat.
there is a lot of angry red in the image and the girls looks upset
This man looks angry as if he is not content with his life
The juxtaposition of the orange and the green.
The statue's eyes look angry, and his hand is making a fist.
It's a blue square. What the hell is it supposed to be, other than that? It seems like a waste of a canvas.
The two colors and two lines are overly simplistic
the colors are very ugly and inconsistently colored
Black ridged lines almost in blobs seem like an expression of anger. It is greatly contrasted on the white background.  Seems like a spontaneous expression.
This painting depicts an evil man by the name of Napoleon.
the yellow figure looks fed up, others are selfish and keep taking and taking from it
Mans attempt to utilize animals for ones own self interest.
i feel content because the art was adorable
Crucifixion and Last Judgement . Makes me really feel anger and sadness.
This appears to be showing a variation on a crusade. I do not like religious imagery anyway.
the teeth and the shape shows anger.
It looks like a broken starfish. The asymmetry is frustrating.
The colors blend but the picure itself is mostly a blank space which trlls you nothing.
The guy looks angry, and the colors used don't help matters.
This slightly resembles a face, but is too abstract for my brain to quite place it.
The grey clouds look rather ominous over sparse terrain
The picture looks like angry graffitti that represent poverty, crime or drug use.
hunter seeking his prey on an otherwise beautiful fall day
rs, Kingston has finally caught her husband and the ton prostitute coming out of the tavern and a big fight happened .
The colors lack emotion andI don't like abstract.
The broken childhoods by bullying makes the colors angry and the shapes seem almost deliberately resemble faces.
the image appears unfinished and sloppy, like a child's efforts.
While he may be a respectable man, he looks quite pretentious.
Appears to be a social commentary of sorts, upsetting that a KKK member is represented, but I suppose that's the point
He seems like a religious man posing as an Angel in order to persuade others to listen to him.
I have no idea what is going on here, Colors are bad, I feel anger with these objects. I don't even know what the objects are.
He looks like a harsh man, and holding the statue is a strange touch.
The colors are vibrant but it's too busy for me.
She appears angry and red faced and her arms are held in the classical don't talk to me posture.
The colors are soothing but the man is hunting which I'm against.
The angels wing are made to appear like fangs about to be used on an innocent.
The harsh contrast of colors is sharp and the way they blend is rough and invokes a feeling of anger
This makes me wonder why modern art is even allowed into galleries, I feel irritated by this.
Some kind of ninja sketch drawing. He looks real mad, makes me feel real anger.
This woman in her fancy hat is angry at her pet beaver.
The red makes this look like a crime scene.
the answer should probably be amused or playful but i really dislike cats.  they are sneaky and creepy
The man has an expression of anger.
The man's expression makes him seem hostile.
The different colors and smears do not look like anything to me. The smears are confusing
His stance and facial expression are a bit arrogant.
A man whos is hurt because the people around him have call him evil
I feel angry because it's just the color blue with a few lines.  I feel as though the artist couldn't give more than that and I feel like I just got conned out of a good experience.
its hard to tell what this picture is because it's only half there
our emotions can often feel like splatters of paint on the canvas of our lives
The blackness of anger overshadows the hope of a few bright colors
the man seems disgusted and in deep thought sitting on the chair
The sharp contrast of black and white gives this painting an intense aura.
A man that will be kill because he is different and the king ordered his dealth
The woman kneeling on the ground looks like she is having to beg the powerful man on the throne for something
The prominent use of the color red invokes madness.
The subject matter is violent, dark, and unsettling.
Those kids have gone and done it now!
The woman in the painting appears to be mad.
The seemingly random approach to this painting annoys me as I can't think what it is supposed to represent.
Due to my personal beliefs, this piece invokes anger for the imagery used here to enslave an entire world population into a belief system that may or may not be correct
This is what was left of the plantation after those poachers were ran out of town.
The red color makes the man appear angry.
The dark jacket, and the mans angry face emotes anger.
I don't like this at all.  Too much gray and broken pieces strewn about.  You have a castle of fortitude with broken pieces being doused in black and white.  Yet at the bottom there creeps out hopeful color.  Too psychological for me. Yuck.
The rope wrapped around him makes him look like he's chained up
The man seems to be touching the woman in a way she does not want and this makes me angry!
The harshness of the brush strokes plus their thickness, along with the aggressive red and bright yellow make me think of someone smashing or breaking something in a fight. brings up childhood chaos and trauma to me and makes me feel anger.
The painter used three colors and no obvious talent to create this simple painting.
This surrealistic picture depicts a lot of red, which could mean murder or blood. It is too busy to look at and makes one hostile towards it
Annoyed, as to describe it as art is an insult to the genre.
The red makes it look like the room has been torn apart
The crash of various colors make for an angry melody highlighted by the black blobs
reminds me of old times in the old neighborhood
too much opulence with the wealthy
A tube of exploded paint would make anyone upset, especially yellow, since it is the color of anger.
The black color with all the other chaotic color splashes on it engender an angry outlook.
The woman seems to be speaking gruffly to the boy who is dressed in short pants in the cold.
When I look at the paint I am filled with anger because it's reminder of prison.
The use of the bold yellow and red lines signifies rage.
The crippled, arthritic woman bent over while carrying a heavy load makes me angry.
The depiction of the crucifixion with blood seems barbaric.
The deep red swaths of paint look like bloody animals.
it resembles the colors of egg yolks and death
the sharp lines and angry red and oranges have a sinister vibe
This artwork is flat, has no shading, and makes the eye wander. It makes one angry to have to look at this. There is no rhyme or reason behind it.
The tussling figures and expressions against the darkness suggests conflict.
The bright red square on the black gives me a feeling of anger and darkness.
This looks like a cheaply made shirt from an indoor swapmeet. The cutout palm trees, cutout stars, and loose airbrush convey this.
This artwork annoys me because the color pallette used does not contrast or coincide with each other. They are just there, not doing anything, except making me angry
The facial expressions make me feel like the men are both angry because of their heavy brows, so I'm angry as well.
This pen and ink artwork looks like anger personified. The strokes are erratic and aggressive in nature
This barn looks run down and poorly cared for. The use of a greenish yellow depicts the decay
The blobs of color strewn about over the canary yellow, make me feel hostile because there is no meaning behind this at all.
This looks like someone ran her bicycle through red paint and decided to call it art.
death and despaire surrounds the people in the frame
This makes me a little OCD and angry because the lines are straight and then they all go to sqiggles.
The angular lines make me feel angry and confused
I feel varying waves of anger and sadness based on the different colors.
it looks like someone started painting something, got angry and smeared it everywhere
The giant man has a stern look on his face as he marches over the rest of the tiny people, seemingly not caring who is in his way as long as he gets done with what he needs to finish.
This is far too many boats clustered together. The use of color is simple, but proves to be effective in this depiction over overcrowding.
This man has an arrogant and condescending look on his face, which annoys me and makes me dislike looking at him.
the contrast of the person in white makes me wonder about their purpose
This is flat and boring to look at because of the swamp like colors used. Nothing stands out and the mush pea green makes a person want to look away
The man in the middle looks mad.
The art looks good and the sky looks very blue
This artwork is unbalanced, uses a terrible color palette, and uneven brushstrokes.
This pen and ink depicts a man who looks sinister, like someone who used to be bad guy on Saturday morning cartoons
This artwork makes my eyes hurt because I have to squint a little to see the object in the picture. There is no depth to this artwork, which is sorely needed, in order to get a better understand of what one is looking at
A white man is going to strike a brown man and this makes me mad.
the jaggedness of the shapes feels like violence
Angry at the low effort artwork and how this looks like a zoomed in picture of a much larger work of art
This reminds me of all the sexual predators found in churches, and they all say, "shhhh, don't tell".
the lines are very harsh and unyeilding
The man should be helping Jesus down from the cross.
this piece of art makes me angry because it looks like a 10-year-old drew a blob and called it good
I dislike the disorganized nature of everything
It looks like a tight roap that someone is about to walk out on. It makes me anxious and sad that is it considered art.
The picture is strange and oddly colored
the person with the bow looks like he is going to attack someone.
I feel angry because it feels like it has been washed out and you can't see the picture.
The figure in the center that is over the red area is half dancing half waiting to strike her dancing partner, the brown blobbish figure. She is disgusted that she is being made to dance with such an ugly creature.
Clashing colors, war, horses, not peaceful
The japanese war machine is shown with orange embers of fire.
the painting is busy with geometric shapes.
The separation using panels combined with the shape and expressions of the warriors create irritation.
This makes me angry how little want into it. How little of a story it tells. it reminds me of the dullness and groupthink of the followers in today's society
red is a angry color
The dark cloudy figures are like an aftermath of war.
The painting is frustrating because it is impossible to make sense of it. There aren't any recognizable objects.
This painter looks like they are stalking the event goers.  Maybe no one knew they are there.
The thick brows on this woman look like a permanently furrowed brow. As if she were never happy with what was around her. Even the dog in the foreground looks like he is judging whatever he is looking at.
Why would this even be "art"
The two subjects just look angry.
a busy asian woman is trying to multitask .The dragon nozzle matches the kimono.
Makes me angry that someone can draw diagonal lines, call it art, and get paid.
This painting makes me angry because no thought or feeling went into it all. Only two primary colors were used.
the drawring represents one of the socialist villages of europe.
This painting makes me angry because it looks like someone tried to run over it with their truck
happy because of the pretty yellow that covers 75 percent of the canvas. reminds me of my mom fish tank wheb growing up she had a big yellow fish . so it put a smile on my face
The clashing colors and odd perspective upset me
The red and black stripes make it dark and angry
black is a angry color
People say yellow is the color of anger. I would have to agree. This painting has nothing to offer visually.
The man holding his hand up makes me think he is ready to hit the woman
Men hanging from crosses being crucified because of religious persecution
Empty red open space suggests an anger filled space.
How is this even art? It looks like someone pulled it out of the trash after oil got spilled not a fan and really do not like the figure portrayed like he did somthing wrong
The dark colors look as if they were thrown onto the canvas with anger. The dark splotches evoke anger and distress. They look like snakes and a movie's representation of evil spirits.
This seems like a very aggressive scene.There’s a lot of movement  and almost aggressive looking line work
orange to me is a angry color
The bold scratch like qualities of the color blocks remind me of rage.
It looks like someone smashed a computer screen. No one should treat electronics so badly.
It is a terrible sign of evil and torture
the woman seems to be stuck in that pose for eternity
this looks like dark night
The cloud cover accentuates the persecution of the citizens.
the red colors invokes a slight anger feel to this picture because it looks like red demons attacking a person.
This painting makes me feel anger. The colors bring out hotness of the sun or the feeling that the girl is feeling with everyone around her. It looks like she is isolated.
I don't like the colors and I don't know what it represents.
The lack of detail, impression style, seems sloppy and lazy to me on this work.
The facial expression shows anger and distance
The objects are sloppy and the colors are gloomy.
It is too simplistic and does not hold any depth.
The man looks angry and ready to hurt someone
Looks like a division between light and the dark
The man looks very smug and pompous, as though he is hiding something from the lesser fed peasants.
The guy looks like he is angry with the person who is painting his portrait.
There is nothing to this painting and it carries no real weight
The smaller image at the top of the larger image ruins the artistic effect.
The men's posture and the dark lighting make it seem like they are up to no good.
Both characters look full of rage and the motion in the painting is agitating
The colors are dark and the photos appear to be ripped apart
It doesn't show anything but one color snd doesn't express anything.
The red faces make this otherwise peaceful scene maddening
Expressions and positioning of the women and her child give the impression that there is a need to protect them,  her eyes show nothing but a motherly instinct to protect.
War seems to plague the hearts of the people fighting. Some appear to have horns, indicating some form of evil or the devil.
The rich, plump characters make me angry for their indulgence.
Red is almost always associated with anger, the small bit of blue seeping in maybe shows the sorrow that is making this picture angry
The mountain is cold.  The man is standing and looking agressive.  There is blood on the sword.  The small bits of red are shocking against the white.
The man grasping the woman makes it seem like she has been assaulted, and that the children around her may be a product of such assault.
Abstract is a work of art or idea. Not my idea, looks angry to me.
Looks bloody and angry to me when I see this picture.
A dark time, I feel angry when I look at this.
The design is random and sloppy and sort of childish.
Literally striking a pose.  He's just the messenger people!
The dark shapes and colors contrast with the lighter shades and there are many harsh angles
It is too crowded with imagery and symbols.
It somehow reminds me of Native Americans with mother nature. She is alone, a black lion stares at you in a gloomy mid-day.
The red characters remind me of bloodshed. I want to fight someone with a sword.
The man looks like he is angry and not pleased with whatever he is reading
It kind of angers me to think that someone would consider this a painting.
Beautiful scenery. Clors are vibrant and pleasing. Yet, in all this beaitiful the expression of slavery and prejudice. Made to look like they are having fum.
this looks very boring and easy to do which makes me annoyed that it's considered fine art
Dark, angry man, my feeling with this is he is boring. And I feel sad for him.
The woman's face looks mean and intimidating.
People do not know what to do with colors, so they got paint and it looks anger to me.
The facial expression of the subject is very sour, and the colors are not pleasing
The red looks like slashes across the painting
the use of dark colors gives an angry vibe
The difference in size between the two subjects makes it feel like one is inferior to the other.
The angry guy  in the background staring at the beautiful naked girl like he is jealous or something.  He shouldn't be in the picture.
Is this really a painting? It looks like two end pieces, like the artist is doing it as a joke.
This is literally a painting of nothing. I'm mad that someone spent time and energy on this.
the red looks like bloodshed on a french flag
Some person thinking he holds the world in his hand.
The bright colors and sharp crooked lines are rageful.
the anger originates from the fact the scene is joyous and happy yet the tables are weird and shaped weird making illusions
while abstract, this looks like a man holding a spear ready to attack, the red in the middle with the brown.
The lines and squres don't really come together in any kind  of impresive way and it all appears like it was put together quickly and carelessly.
the way the red blob on the bottom is separating the purple wash in the middle is disruptive to the image and makes a mad feeling
The paint is washed out and the image depicts the crucifiction of several men.
There is just a lot going on here and it doesn't make any sense.
I knew they had made a play for my husband when he passed by.
even though this is just a painting of a woman in the rain I can hear her saying "damn it my hair, damn it my dress"
The green line and red U in the middles looks like a pitchfork
It's very blunt with the red and the gray. Seems like it's narrowing in.
There is a sense of agitation due to the uneven squares. The color scheme of fire seems interrupted by the green elements.
The use of a solid blood like atmosphere cut through with a distant white cross seems intentionally threatening.
Her facial expression and hand gestures appear angry and even threatening.
With men fighting in the foreground and a skeleton looming like death over all, this image makes me angry, amplified by the use of red. People fight and blood falls and the sky burns and no one wins except the Grim Reaper.
The main character is destroying a building with people in it, running in a panic.
Seems like a rape scene.
I don't know what the artist is saying, but the red evokes aggression.
This is a pointless peace of art! The artist should have given the canvas to someone that could use it!
The idea to me of this is that while we are fighting and in chaos on earth, it is due to chaos in the heavens. And I'm a little angered by the idea of people never taking responsibility for humanities actions
The bold and oppositional colr palettes are jarring and upsetting.
Looks like fire that is engulfing everything and just sucking you in to that smothering feeling.
The red trees look like fire burning.
viewing the men shooting arrow at bound man on post causes a feeling of anger
The vision of the boy running away, the guns in the hands of them men paints a scene of defense.
boring lines and nothing to see, makes me angry wasting my time on this picture
It looks like the gentleman in the red sweater is scolding or being mean to everyone else.
I see the city beyond, but there seems no road to reach it. The hills seem to run together with no path that make them passable.
That lady washing clothes has .a ticked off look on her face.
The red color brings out a feeling of anger and hatred
This makes me angry as I can almost tell what it is but can't fully.
the use of green and red mixed with the chaos of the painting invoke anger
This shows Jesus after the Roman's have beat him.
Excellent detailed Adam and Eve and a human looking serpent in the tree makes me angry that the devil got away with what he did.
He must have been hated.  This murder looks planned and premeditated.  I like to think he deserved it.  Dark background supports dark theme.
The black and red in the image is upsetting to me.
The way the green and black blocks disrupt the calming blue-white curves is jarring.
Abstract art and still lifes are the two kinds of art I hate the most.
The man is trying to kiss the grieving widow.
Stupid useless block of wood.
It's just blue. There's nothing else going on, no point. Just blue. How is this art?
It looks like the two horses, probably male, are fighting.
Too simple, two colors and a boring rectangular shape, somehow insulting
The rough, jagged strokes on the blue ground look violent and abrupt. The torn black border, highlighted with a sickly yellow, represent emotional distress and chaos. This looks like a V of emotion descending into darkness.
I feel anger and violence from the violent stakes run into and through a body.
The white looks like it forms a fist or black rock
this is dumb, it just looks like torn wall.
The horses are biting and attacking a defenseless man while a demon looks on.
I don't really understand what is happening in the picture, but the woman's face looks like she is done with this situation.
The red looks like blood and the darkness of the painting
I feel anger being expressed as war stemming from the yellow sky and the brown brush strokes that overwhelm beauty underneath the brown.
I don't care how accurate the tone and shades are. It's still just a stupid picture of a stupid cube.
It's lovely to look at, but I already have a headache from looking at the pattern, and also wonder how many people have it their heads on the chairs sticking out of the wall.
I really hate these images of gradient color and stripes. It just looks like stripes to me.
I am angry that this is considered art.  This is something anyone with a couple of colors of paint and some tape could create.
I can't sufficiently explain how angry a framed picture of a series of colored stripes makes me. It just looks like a color palette at a paint store.
This seems very forced to me, like posing was something she might have been forced into.
There is too much going on in this piece for me. It looks messy and unorganized.
She makes me feel very combative, like it's not a nice person in the picture.
It's a stupid piece of yellow wood. How can this be art?
I don't know what the artist is trying to say, but the red evokes a feeling of aggression.
This looks like bad wall paper, not art so it really pisses me off greatly.
The basic oblong orangish shape and other linear colors are just boring
The people in the painting have anger in their faces
It's just a bunch of lines and squiggles in different colors.
I feel sad that the artist did not have anything inside himself to express on the paper and left it blank.
The crowd of people watching the crucifixions is upsetting.
You know some gallery is charging a ton of money for a circle and a splatter, and it's stupid.
The shapes and colours mean nothing to me, this painting makes me angry because It doesn't speak to me on any level.
I makes me angry that this execution was immortalized. It's like someone painting a portrait of a lethal injection.
The bright but dark colors make me feel anxious and pumped up
I don't like very abstract art and this piece has very little familiar shapes that I can identify. It's a bit uncomfortable, but I'm still mad at it.
I know art is subjective, but I really hate this. It's just a gray rectangle with a black frame. Why?
The red and dark colors make me feel a lot of rage here.
This honestly looks like something anyone good do so I don't understand how this or things like this are really considered art.
Mud or blood that someone drew on, I feel anger because I have no clue what they were painting.
The parents look frustrated by what their child is doing.
Religious paintings make me uncomfortable. Mainly because I feel that the religion is there to make people follow or behave a certain way. It isnt about love or kindness. it is about obeying and enforcement. This painting shows three men who appear to be of higher status (jesius or something like that) while everyone else is in the dirt below them. I don't like this at all.
It looks like the man in the painting is upset or seems mischievous.
It looks like the central figure was being drawn and dragged repeatedly as an attempt to get something sinister across.
The way the man is being stabbed so mercilessly and the subjects faces is one of rage.
The red, and the apparently painted-over caption, evokes a feeling of anger.
there is no sense in this piece of art.
Too abstract for my taste, looks messy and unorganized.
I don't like the treatment of the animals here...are they going to eat them?
King of city punished one man.
The crucifixion of christ, makes me feel hurt, anger and sadness.
a large rectangle of verical lines just makes me upset. If "blah" is the intent, mission accomplished
Bright colors feel blunt as if someone is angry and calling for attention.
I feel intense anger that a dirty color like dark beige would have the audacity to stack on top of noble navy and funky fuschia.
The man is trying to make a move on a grieving widow as she mourns her husband.
The lady politely raises her hand to speak but one man scratches his head and all ignore her!
The orange reminds me of a room with peeling paint.
The person bending over the person on the ground may be hurting him and other torture may be occurring.
The colors are so very strong and of varying weights as though it's hypnotizing.
The painting is really chaotic, and has a lot of dark colors with stabs of reds and blues which makes me feel angry.
The red hues and violent fighting poses suggest aggression.
There's not enough happening here for it to have a purpose
The woman's dress makes her look privileged. She has musical instruments around her and she is not playing them. She has leisure. She is so privileged that she can even take a break from leisurely practicing her instruments.
The man looks like he's angry about something.
this titan looking man looks angry, bring forth the anger of the ocean to crush his foes
A strange man has large hair and an angry look on his face.
The lady looks like she's mad and glaring at me.
The way she points her finger, and the turned down corners of her mouth say she's angry and mildly disgusted with someone
The blacks and greys used and the subject matter make this angry looking.
someone was angry when they made this, it comes across and makes me feel like scratching something
This just looks like a dirty cloth napkin
The red reminds me of blood and I don't want to be looking at that.
At first I felt happy but then I saw the tied up bear and ram and felt anger.
she looks angry, in turn making me feel angry, and sad a bit
The girl looks like she is being exploited.  She is dressed in a little girl dress but looks like she's being made to pose on a bed, and the figure to the left of her looks like a window ad.
It just makes me angry that people see this as art. It's just scribbles overall and bad at that.
a bunch of dark scribbles, it looks angry or very emotional. it makes me very uneasy
There is a lot of commotion and even weapons in this photo which triggered anger
The donkey looks mad and wants to start a commotion.
I want to know what the scripture says but I can't read it.
Strong use of reds and oranges are irritating to the eyes. I feel frustrated because I cannot translate the blocks of color into a recognizable image.
This painting makes me angry because it seems like a sick man is getting turned away from help.
The fact that the cross is upside down made me angry  I'm not sure what this photo is trying to portray.
The scene apparently depicts a hunt and a destroyed wolf, which is far too gruesome to be in a book for kids.
The red in the sky and irregular shapes make this have an angry feel to it.
this is super dark and grainy, it looks very sloppy and poorly done
It doesn't look like it's finished and that there is no color.
The man has a look in his eyes like he thinks he's very superior to others. The green tints somehow add to this effect.
the man has an almost contemptuous look upon his face
Her lips are tight and she looking down ever so slightly, so she is not pleased
This person looks very confrontational and stern, like there is no joy in her life.
As he raises his glass to the server, the server looks on warily, as if not trusting him, as if he feels beneath him.
This painting agitates me with its depiction of a two headed woman, or perhaps a woman and horse head.
Looks like the king is killing people
His eyes are buggy. He seems afraid, surrounded by knives and working.
The slight misalignment of the figures are troubling.
The blue bands are everyday and common, and no more artistic than a package of licorice pipes.
The jagged shapes and the colors used make this an angry painting.
His close up face and beady eyes remind me of a shady politician
The colors represent anger and I don't like the subject matter.
The bold black lines serve as a gate or barrier, which block out and diminish the color underneath.
The way the man is positioned on the horse grabbing his sword makes his face look like a warrior.
The overly dark and bold lines suggest an angry hand by the artist in this map-like depiction.
His stare and closed face. He staring from the side
Paintings such as this make me regret not submitting some of my early childhood works to art dealers for peddling.
The bull is calm, yet the man lifts his whip to further harm and control the animal.
The colors are harsh and remind me of tanning animal hides and the red at the bottom looks like blood.
The black fish and their shapes make this angry to look at.
The way she is turned away, and the expressions on their faces, look as though they are fighting and angry. Their anger spreads to you.
I can not tell what this picture is, and it honestly just makes me angry. Nothing matches up and the colors are very boring.
I don't like nudes and nudes having sex is worse.r.
The mans pose gives him an aura of pompous over confidence
The cup and saucer shapes are portrayed in an uninteresting way that seems to mock the viewer's intelligence.
The black scribbles are chaotic as if they were done in anger.
I don't like how people look up to humans like what's happening here.
The overly dark abstract panels, separated by a bright vertical line, merge lines together and offer little hope.
Makes me feel like im looking on a red carpet premiere with the color removed leaving only the black emptiness of their personalities and hearts
This makes me feel like a am looking at a pair of preserved testicles, brined in plum juice.
This image is unappealing and lacks structure and perspective that is necessary for interpreting symbolic value
This woman is dressed and black and has an angry scowl on her face.
The people look angry, sad and disconnected, and the lines around their bodies make they look like they each are a cutout in a different world
the man look arrogant and above other people
Not sure what's going on here, but that angelic fellow (is it God?) seems to add an element of blasphemy.
The woman looks angry. She reminds me of a bad teacher I had.
Dead animals are ruthlessly displayed near a kitchen without any regard to their suffering.
Looking at a blob of dough on a same colored counter isn't my idea of a good time. This artwork is mundane to the extreme.
Any harm to animals angers me beyond anything else.
It looks like the red man is chasing after the woman.
This seems to be a death scene that seems filled with chaos. This makes me angry.
I love the animals but I hate violence.
The colors are ugly and the painting has no story.
The man looks unhappy and is angry to have to pose in a picture
The woman without her top on doesn't look like she's enjoying it, which makes me mad.
There's too much to look at, and there is not color to make it easy on your eyes.
To brutal and any harming of animals infuriates me.
This looks more like war time propaganda rather than artwork
The woman looks like she is mean. She has an arrogant look about here.
do not like the neckwear - they look like dog collars
Her eyes make me angry she does not look happy at all
The man and the lady in the picture looks like the devil
The man standing next to the person sitting looks angry with scrunched eyebrows.
What on earth is this? If this was featured in my town's art gallery I would want my money back.
The man looks focused on his artwork and is unhappy with having a portrait made for him
The anger in her face is striking, it matches so well with crisp stylized dress.
No telling how many people were starving when this rich woman sat for this no-doubt expensive painting.
The blue lines make me think of police officers.
Two men are attacking what presumes to be an innocent man for no reason.
The bowl of fruit and foreground object appear to be competing for attention.
That woman looks dead and those men are just carelessly carrying her out!
the man looks defeated and angry, upset about something
This image is oddly strange and ignores details, shapes, and color, which makes it appear lifeless
Looks like blood, death, disorganized, confusion, uneven, anger, rage, darkness
It angers me on how some old people are ignored and treated by society.
A prison inmate with chains wrapped around him makes me very angry with our jurisdiction system.
To immature of style and the colors make it not attractive.
this drawing makes me think of the show LOST and how it ended and I'm mad all over again.
The boats on the sea are sailing across rough seas and the dark waters symbolize impending struggle
The king's facial expression and posture are threatening and aggressive.
This looks like something a small child created.
This image is dark and depressing and it appears to depict a ugly crude being
My eight-year-old granddaughter should be selling her work if this is what people are buying.
These black markings in many directions and designs feels like anger and frustration with thicker lines.
I get angry because I know I can draw better than that, but am not getting paid to do so.
It looks like the person bending down just got hit by the person standing up.
This looks like something I would make while drawing with a marker.
The colors are ugly and it doesn't tell a story.
It just looks like a bunch of scribbles to me.
Another vulnerable naked woman, which really makes no sense in the presence of all the other fully clothed women.
Three men are fighting in the woods near a cliff.
the pencil strokes on what it looks like a portrait of a man makes me feel a bit angry because the artist did not seem to try hard enough to make his skewct look appealing.
His red coat and pompous look reminds makes feel like being interrogated during the revolutionary war
the woman looks like she's trying to escape and the man is preventing her
It looks like something a teenager would make with a marker while bored.
What on earth is this? Using all of my imagination I still can't make heads or tails of it.
This makes me mad his lips are pursed like he's ticked off.
It looks like she has a lot of expensive jewelry on that I would never be able to afford.
It looks like someone scribbles over someone else's painting.
His gaze and feminane feature makes me think of a soft man who thinks he knows better
It seems like the men that are looking at her are laughing and making jokes about her body.
The mens indifference comes off as entitled and spoiled
The vigorous red background makes me feel like I could be angry at it.
They don't look that wealthy, but their house is huge.
Although the detail is rich and beautiful the couple seem over privelaged
It feels like I'm looking at a low resolution video game.
The dude just kind of looks like a jerk to me.
It looks like the painting was rushed. The woman's left eyes looks unfinished.
a man is getting his body cut apart by another man
Looks like flower petals with orange boxes on it and I do not understand why this is art.
It looks like he's a very strict teacher with those kids.
This looks like a mess of black and grey shapes I hate art like this.
I feel that this painting was most likely an expression of frustration, as shown by the action lines emanating from the figure
This looks like random shapes and nonsense, I just don't see any emotion behind it and it upsets me.
A middle school picture of a lady drawn badly
for me the use of red and placement of circles elicit anger.
I don't like how the boy's face was drawn. HIs nose is too big.
I was close to selecting contentment when I saw the top.foreground of this picture, however I experience a sense of anger when I see trees cut down seemingly without a purpose. I much prefer seeing beautiful trees and nature in their full glory.
It looks like the man won't stop bothering the woman.
This is black with some grey lines on it, random lines and they piss me off how this can be art.
The dense deep colors are so smashed together it feels forced and clashes hard.
it looks like the man is king of the house and everyone looks unhappily at him while he rules the place
Russian always make me reel ready
The eyes make the guy look like a sociopath.
The man with rugged beard and hat guves the feel of struggling and needing help
I feel almost dizzy looking at this painting and I also do not understand all the craziness that is pictured in it. It is a frustrating looking painting
I don't like seeing paintings of just flowers or plants.
the over used black makes me angry. i feel like there is no story just blackness.
Reminds me of those old british leaders the colonist fought in the revolutionary war, right down to looking like he walked out of a history book
This just looks so random, almost like things were taken from a magazine and glued to a painting.
The red and black bring a sense of anger out on me, those colors are very harsh on the lighter background.
The colors are very dark and the man looks angry at someone at the window.
It makes me angry to think they did this to children. He should be playing but not at war
The large black bird has stolen the life from the helpless rabbit.
It is difficult to determine what it is and it is too awkward for me to try and guess.
this is nothing - come on really - nothing going on
The person in shackles and a blindfold seems to be in bad pain
These poor animals have been killed for no reason at all besides the sport of hunting and its terrible.
The man burns with inner rage while trying to maintain a stoic expression.
A person seems to be beating someone else with their own shoe.
She appears a bit confrontational and I feel like she wants to rumble with me.
The abstract watercolors are diminished and ruined by the four unlikely bars.
This reminds me of a wall in my city that is covered in graffitti and I consider that to be destruction so that is why his makes me angry
The man's face is distorted with violent red lines, evoking the rot in his character.
The enraged and troubled man sits still for a portrait, but the lines of his hair and coat are full of motion.
That looks like a hazard waiting to happen, like shattered glass that needs to be cleaned out before someone steps on a rusty shard, but no one wants to do the job of cleaning it
I don't like how unclear everything is. I don't know what the things at the top are.
It looks like pieces of paper that different people colored parts of them. This is just very dumb.
The violent imagery above and below the foreign script suggests political propaganda.
It looks like a poster made by a terrorist group.
That man is about to kill both these people and its his indifferent facial expression to the situation that makes me hate this monster more
The red on her neck and under her eyes makes it look like she has been roughed up.
The distorted head on what appears to be an unfinished work is consumed with rage and disapproval.
Though it's well painted, seeing white Christian guys being honored is upsetting.
I feel both fear and anger seeing this painting as this looks like this poor animal is about to be sacrificed
The bouquet is ruined by the faces of political propaganda and ropes encircle the vase.
Yikes, this is so busy and I can't make any sense of it. It is dizzying
A person's cynicism and despondency are revealed in this gruesome portrait with harsh lines and color blocks.
The woman looks onward in disgust while baring her body for the artist.
The man looks unhappy with his eyebrows like that.
Painting of a Christian women in the lions den. I do feel fear, anger, that people were executed this way.
I feel disgust because it looks like a man back in the day when beating his wife was legal that is fixing to beat his partner for something she did and she is pleading.
Atlas could not shrug off the birds while rescuing a friend.
It looks half finished - as if the background colours and shapes were added but the flower and leaf details left off.
That this is considered 'art'
I feel more irritation than anger; I found the placing of colors to be disjointed like a puzzle piece being forced to fit something it doesn't.
This man Seems unhappy, or angry, and as if he would not be pleasant to be around
There is too many dots and its too chaotic.
A stern teacher beats his lessons into his terrified student.
Men sitting around drinking and eating with Cossack like costumes. They seem to be arguing.
I am mad that the men are cutting down the tree.
The pointy nose of the man makes him look angry
The colors are loud and anger-inducing. The weirdness of the face is as well.
The man attacked the bull in order to dominate it
The men in black are pushing the others to work for them
Looks like a bunch of lines like someone doodled this drawing.
The upper crust types look to be having fun while the poor gardener man toils away at his thankless job, which enrages me.
So much yellow this looks like a waste of paint it is so worthless.
The way they are sitting talking in their own little groups, reminds me of women who sit and talk about each other. They look sly and nasty.
I feel really upset and angry that the man is selfishly drinking alcohol or wine like a pig and his poor wife is suffering and struggling to take it away from him.
This woman looks like she is mad about something & has her mind elsewhere
This looks like a wall with the paint being worn away by touching it and time. This is not art and it upsets me.
The man is about to stab the other man on the horse. Seems like a huge fight with lots of bloodshed
I am angry that all those birds are dead on the table.
This solider looks like he is angry about having to fight
He looks like someone who is a serial killer.
The woman looks angry with her fist balled.
the arrows and angular lines are chaotic
This style doesn't attract me as it doesn't tell a story.
Upsetting to see, like somebody had worked hard on a project and then out of hatred, tore it to pieces and threw it to the floor.
This man shot a beautiful creature of nature.
This looks like a lot of people crammed in a small space.
Almost a literal example of "seeing red", this one is infuriating to look at, like a mess needs to be cleaned up.
The house has been deliberately destroyed by a blast possibly nuclear in nature.
This matador's prideful look causes me anger that he takes pride in hurting animals. The red cape add to this feeling.
Three nude woman who are chatting away as their pip smokes a cigar in the background.
This painting looks like a bunch of shapes that are not connected, but that they should be connected. It makes me feel discontent.
Looks like the aftermath of a war
A lot of fear and aggression in this piece, like someone being prepped for a slaughter.
The lines of the painting do not match up to make an equal painting. There is alot going on, it's very busy and nothing goes together.
This woman looks very disturbed and upset.
This painting is very boring and does't look finished. It needs color and the lines to be finished.
The curtain is down, and I'm getting antsy to see what's behind it
This is the first one that I really don't like.  Who wants to look at someone that is staring at you?  Especially when they seem slightly angry?
This makes me feel anger because the man appears to be leading the woman and she appears fearful.
The imagery and colors make me feel a sense of anger.
This makes me feel anger due to the look on the woman's face as if she was forced to be there.
This art of Satan and Jesus brings a strong sense of anger towards the evil in this world.
The woman looks as if she is being voilated.
The paint has a high degree of detail but subject in the painting looks mean and feels like she is looking down on me.
The woman is laid completely naked on show for everyone to see. Although she will be paid it will be very poor wages
The man's scowling facial expression and his body posture shows anger.
The busy sea under the powerful ships invoke revenge.
That the drawing shows two men harassing a lady. Even though I am angry I am also disgusted that something like this could be painted too.
It looks as if they’re sitting there plotting something sinister. And its painted in a POV of a a stranger thats helpless to stop whatever evil plot theyre planning.
Man shows sour puss after being denied Nobel award.
This is a joke, total waste of time
The men look mad as they rip the clothing from the woman, it makes me angry they are doing that to her no woman should face that
It seems like this lone person of the curch is calling for war on behalf of all the curches he represents. The muted tones make me feel like this is the worst thing that could happen.
The sketch is very incomplete and is missing a lot of detail that it could have.
The women looks on in difiance as if she is an unwilling participant.
The person looks mad and the lettering reminds me of propaganda.
I hate this, its a weird green human head with a weird textured shamrock for a body, just looks creepy. The hearts don't add any charm.
This feels like several different pieces of art smashed together.  I do not understand what it is supposed to mean.
When I look at the balding man in the dark painting, I'm reminded of Russia's Putin who is trying to influence our elections in the USA
I think this looks like it was done by a child.  I do not care for the crudeness.
This seems very simple and somewhat boring.  I didn't care for the simplicity.
The air around the castle is so contaminated you can only see a silhouette, and the sun can barely  be visible.
I don't look the rough sketch look of this art.
The small dominating building seen before the town reveals action and retribution.
Anger - everything is orange it does not even complement the painting so I feel a little anger for the overuse of the orange color
This man looks so devastated in his face, like he has been betrayed.
To me this is making it look as if Jesus were Oriental.
The basic look of this drawing is poor.  It looks like a child has scribbled with pencil.
The expression on the woman's face looks like one of anger.
There is too much violence in this image.
I don't care for the crude look of this art.  I think it looks like an amateur completed it.
I find this scene to be boring to look at.
This painting is very simple and I do not like the colors
The painting looks smudged and like someone spilled water on it
There is something about their posture that makes me think the artist believes the woman cant figure out anything until the man gives it to her.
This looks like the crucifixion of Jesus and that is upsetting.
The writing in the top left makes me think of the Nazi's, and what she could be doing for them.
I find the image confusing which makes me somewhat angry.
The lack of crispness and detail makes it hard to understand what I'm looking at.
Man argues he ordered two kegs not two barrels.
Very intense and lots of red, the animals all appear to be fighting/angry/defending themselves
This reminds me of a sigil for a warrior or army.
nothing to explore here, just some tiny pencil work.
A group of enslaved people are having a hard time moving a ship.
The children cherubs look angry and disgusted.
This person has a very stern and angry facial expression, it's not easy to look at.
All the emphasis is on the person's clothing of wealth and status and their face is so insignificant it wasn't even completed.
I do not understand what I am looking at in this image.
A man in uniform is abusing and mistreating the horse he is riding.
It reminds me of miners and how they are often overworked and led to be stuck in mines with each other for hours on end.
This painting depicts the killing of our lord a savior Christ
He told him to pay the feed bill not feed the bull.
Man could just strangle his son in law for losing the lottery ticket.
The seas look rough and angry in this painting.
This man looks like an angry and harsh human.
is this actually a painting?  it just looks like one color with some words that I don't understand at the bottom.  If this constitutes as art, I hate art.
Men cower in fear on the ground as an old man tries to flee from evil people in charge.
This makes me feel like you can call anything "art". This to me is just a piece of pink paper with a circle in the middle.
This king seems unhappy, despite his riches
No matter how one looks at this, it is a bunch of scraps glued together and called art.
Traditional scripture is thrown to the ground as this new heretic spreads his message. This speaks to me of the death of knowledge and the birth of blind faith.
I don't like looking at art that I feel like I could have made myself. It's annoying.
This looks like a child's cut up pice of paper, not art.
this is a terrible print, i hate the quality and the smudges, i can barely tell what it is
This is a black canvas.  It isn't art.
the craziness and color scheme of this painting makes me feel a rage inside of me that is difficult to explain
The woman's face says she is up to no good
The woman is posing but looks very angry to be doing so
These markings seem intense, and angry, with black scribbles
The red colour and the clenched fist suggest the person whose this hand is angry
I don't like where his hand is lined up. It's too close to the edge. I also don't like that I don't know who he's greeting. Otherwise I love the color scheme and the detail on his cloak.
Looks like a storm is coming. The sky is scary and the painting is all to dark. I feel anger looking at this painting.
Looks like someone cut out pictures and glued it on this canvas. I think it is ugly. I do feel disgust to think someone would buy this.
No one wanted to be there when  the troops left.
The colors mixed together don't go together and are very messy
The way this women is bending, as if she is allowing this women to drop the baby into the water, is quite anger-inducing.
The day his son came home and peace talks were over.  The day the war began between the two clans.
Someone painted a red square, this is not art and I hate this stupid thing.
It looks like the static on a TV when you can not get a signal.
the industrial aspect of this makes me angry due to the beautiful landscape being ruined by horrible things
This was a waste of time, anyone could paint a blue line on a canvas and call it art
i felt angry that the patterns don't seem to align which is frustrating for someone who needs that to happen
The assortment of random colors and textures of paint is frustrating to look at and appreciate because it is too chaotic
The color and the shape makes me think of rage and aggression.
looks like a fight is taking place. possibly a revolution?
The strong usage of reds and greens gives a burning rage atmosphere in this painting.
I can see the fear in this picture with the womans face and the knife being held by the man
Fog irritates me, it is blocking the beautiful landscape.
I don't like just one color paintings since they don't tell a story.
The two women in red robes who are on their knees look like slaves admiring their future king by obligation.
The figures on the bottom seem like they are in a factory to turn into soldiers like on the top, like their individualism is being stolen.
This makes me feel angry because the other side isn't like colored in, it feels unfinished
I don't like this one. It feels incomplete. I also feel like it needs more color for me to be able to figure out what's going on. I feel like if it was less monotone, it would be more lively.
Good versus Evil... Evil has captured Good and bringing them to a trial full of Evil's lies.
She looks uptight and angry. It shocked me into feeling mad, as well.
This is amatureish. It looks like ugly wallpaper
This guy is too serious about religion. Is he about to burn a heretic? Religion is hooey; I'm angered that so many people are fooled by it.
The blobs of color are not arranged in pleasing manner. It is uncomfortable to look at the 3 shapes on the top that barely touch each other when the other 2 shapes are left separated in the corner.
I would love this painting but the writing on it ruins it for me. I love the colors. It's a shame.
The random things placed in odd spaces almost makes a scene, but not quite which is frustrating.
The peasants look like the are marching to a revolution.
The men have thrown the wine vase and papers on the ground.
splotches on a page make me kind of angry that this is considered art
I have no idea what this is, a pale background with one black object and one white object isn't art. I feel anger even looking at this.
Makes me think of two bloody fingerprints. One fingerprint from two people
Being seperated from others creates anger. This art shows that some people are better than others. This definitely creates anger.
The smug look on this person with religious depictions in the background could rub one the wrong way.
His face screams he has a pompous attitude that he feels he is above others and it makes me hate him a bit
The soldiers look like they are made to be anonymous, like parts of a machine.  The grid makes them look like they aren't considered human.
The orange thing is surrounded by angry looking blotches.
Oh my, I think these two women just cut this guys head off. I wouldn't want this hanging in my living room. I feel anger looking at this.
The mill's yellow and orange for some reason annoy me. They feel pretentious, perhaps because the heavy weight is balances on such a thin table.
This is a stressful piece of art and does not give me any good feelings
The deep and heavy lines in his forehead make his demeanor very angry.
Religious leaders drag a single mother before Jesus to be judged in the temple.
I think my child painted a paper plate just like this in pre-k. This should not be considered art.
The amount of people drawn make this painting cluttered and hard to distinguish
The man in this painting looks like a mad, awful mob boss.
this is ridiculous. it looks lazy and simple.
To me this is like a waste of canvas with a frustrated artist.
the man in the image appears to be ready to battle
the red represents pure emotion, in this case - anger
He was a terrible person and no one was safe when he got to town.
This is random paint streaks on a canvas.  it is not art.
Thinking of all the things destroyed by war.
I do not like the black and I do not like the wall.
Not sure why, but he looks very arrogant in his pose. It sort of makes me a little irritated when I look at him.
The man's expression conveys a sense of arrogance. The rough art style paints him in a negative light.
Looks like a dark day in the woods. I do not like the colors in this picture. Makes me feel anger..
The dark colors make you feel down and the child could be plummeting to their death.
The swollen eye resembles domestic violence in the home.
The lone woman in attendance at a dinner with men, her expression downcast as he whispers something in her ear.
The use of squares and colors seems like a waste of a good canvas.
The fire colors and jagged edges of the painting reminds me of destruction.
The masculine man is always bothering and bullying the more feminine and different man.
The woman in white seems to be visiting a prison, and the people behind the bars are wishing they were free.  The old gray person on the left seems to be controlling the scene.
The redcoats and the gathered men make me think they're conspiring
I don't like the boy's ear. It has less detail on it than the faces of the children. I do like the girl's facial expression.
I don't like how messy this is. It puts me in the mind of bad graffiti. It does make me feel as though there is conflict going on in this painting.
The dark blue color, stripes of red and yellow is weird to stare and I hope this is never in a gallery cause it lacks sophistication or style
I really can't distinguish what this is supposed to depict and it frustrates me.
The punishment of Christ for our sins by the Roman soldiers makes me angry that someone else should have to be punished for my wrongs.
It looks like an animal is being killed in front of a group of people
I feel like the way this man is dressed in a uniform and is posed that he is a dictator.
The man is holding a sword over the animal
I feel anger towards those who feel they can do as they wish with women without permission.
The pirate with a stolen treasure reminds me of all the expensive jewelry that was taken from me.
There is nothing going on in this photo. I want more.
I don't like that these men are tied up for whatever reason.
I see many dead animals, this makes me very angry as well as sad.
The scowl, blue flowers and red background convey feelings of sadness and anger.
The beaten man looks skyward asking, why is this happening.
The blacks and reds look like angry storm clouds and are quite menacing
Violence and conflict occur in the center of the scene with one man down and others shielding themselves.
The way nobody is concerened about this women on the floor at the end of the stairs concerns and makes me an angry viewer.
The distance between the mother's arms and the baby give an impression of neglect.
I don't feel angry looking at the painting, I feel like the picture is angry looking at me. I am actually wondering what i did wrong, looking at this.
The artwork does not look finished and the figurine lacks a detailed face
the picture makes me feel angry because it seems like everything is a chaotic mess. anger can make you feel flustered
The people are killing each other on the field of battle
The fact that it isn't centered nicely is annoying and frustrating.
Great facial features, full cheeks, nose and lips
All this is the colors brown with a poorly done pink side lines, the existence of this is questionable.
It's off centered to the right with inconsistent diamonds in the middle which plays tricks on the brain.
The gray colors and depiction of a desk reminds me of tedious days spent at work or at school
how is a blue solid piece art?  I don;t get it
What is this, it doesn't look like anything.
This has potential to be really pretty, if there were more detail, which is irritating.
It looks like it is half finished.  I want it to be finished.
Dark red the the blocks of black at the flank reminds me of a secret society insignia
I do not like the red and the whole things seems like nonsense.
It looks like the a birdseye view of a brown table with two green lines on it.  I don't think this painting took much time to make and it isn't appealing to me.
The woman looks like she's been abused.  Her shoulder on the left has a green area, like a bruise, and her wrist on that side has a white ring like she's been tied up.
The man's facial expression is hostile and at odds with the religious icons behind him.
I don't like paintings that are essential blank pages.  There is a slight blue background in the painting, but no shapes or people.
The womans pose and facial expression has a hostile tone
I have seen way too many examples of "cow in a snowstorm" - this is one of them. This is not art. This is paper
This man and his large nose looks like a cruel leader who took more than he gave
Who would send their kid off in a basket?
This looks like a person in a jail cell. The people outside the window looks like they're taunting him. He looks like he's just trying to ignore them.
the starkness and nonsense blockiness is disconcerting
There is nothing about this that makes me believe it is art and that makes me upset. Its just a color. That is all.
The painting is boring and has no depth to it at all
A blue, oblong shape, with no shading, no canvas, no contours, cannot be considered art.
It looks like everyone is in war and about to attack each other.
It's a blue canvas.  How is that art?
The king looks like he doesn't even want to listen to his subject's idea of the cows.
The red blobs make it look like angry eyes.
Hiltler or his other brother uncle.  He knows a few things or two because he's seen a few things or two.
Strange religious scene with skulls and a cross, bizarre mix of paraphernalia
I wish this was finished.  It looks like someone erased most of it.
The beautiful, historic painting is interrupted by a square of white in the middle which frustratingly takes away from it.
The colors of red, black, and yellow are very angry.
The dark red and lighter shade of red signifies anger and intoxication by ones own emotional instability
the black jackets everyone in wearing the the darkness in the mans eyes
I feel like this is random color and shapes and I don't understand why anyone would think it is art.
His gaze seems to challenge the viewer, and the red around his throat makes him seem more pretentious.
looks like a crayon drawing by a child, very little skill involved
this is outrageous. how can this peice be a in a gallery. it's just scribbles.
There are many things to look at here that are too small to see
This painting is so boring and the man doesn't look like he has good intent
The bright red color reminds me of erupting lava and a big outburst of anger.
The goat legs on the children look devilish.
The depiction of a ledger is boring and reminds me of tedious days spent at school or work
the black use to color the people describes the humanity sins.
The soldiers seem angry and ruthless while slaying innocent people
The man looks angry and way too serious for his portrait
This image appears to be a collection of ugly looking animals and is frustrating to view without color
This appears to be a woman being violated in the worst way.
Looks like a sexual family that this family of three is engaged in.
This looks like a brand icon more than art.
The wind whipping the trees makes them look angry and battered.
This reminds me of a faded signal on a television set, the static screen
The swirling clouds in the sky look menacing.
The scene is not one of joy and whimsy. Dark imagery from that time.
The body image makes me feel angry. You can tell he's in pain
This is considered art work and it is so much nothingness it makes me angry.
The man is looking down at the other man like he is better than him
I'm miffed I can't see the woman's face.
The people in the purple red garments are superior to the naked bodies in the pits. Purple is royalty and nudity is vulnerability. The nude bodies are crouched. There is an authoritative presence.
The man exudes extreme anger and violence, especially with the red uniform.
I feel anger with this painting that shows a damaged pipeline on the seacoast.
Is this even a real painting? There is no substance, only green color. This is very bad.
The Crucifixion of Jesus. This makes me feel sad, sorrow and anger.
The man appears to be forcing himself upon a innocent young maiden, which is unacceptable and symbolic of harassment
The dark colors looks like a storm is approaching and the artist is expressing their anger and madness
The work seems juvenile, basic, and uninspired - a hand with brick texture, a rectangle..yawn.
This painting represent anger with the red circles on the black background.
Looks like someone to be up on their soap box.
These dark black swatches seem intense and upsetting
This is a blank blue box with rounded corners. It means nothing, it evokes nothing. It reminds me of a "hello my name is..." label. The lack of any effort and the expectation that I should admire such a thing bothers me.
It is a page filled with blue paint.  While I like the shade of blue that is used, I don't like that there are no objects used in the painting.  I want to see people, items, or animals.
There's no purpose here, it lacks intent and emotion.
The men of the village are fighting each other
This is bad pencil or sketch art. I could do better, I hate it and feel anger that this art thinks it is art.
The trees are too dark. Good detail in the background city though.
Not bad but there is nothing going on here and so much white. There could have been better effort done.
The lines don't converge peacefully. The colors are clashing and the picture looks disorganized.
The small individual painting are coming together to not form anything; perhaps they would be better viewed apart.
All the faces are very serious and the colors are dark
I don't like the scattered look of the image. It does not seem interesting and it angers me.
This seems violent and angry.
I have a feeling the men on horses are oppressing the town. Good depiction of the scene though.
The man standing position looks like he is anger
Most of the pictures with the red tones make it look like they're angry.
The colors blended together make it look angry
Harsh lines and suits aren't very passionate subject matter.
A simple clipping of a dayplanner cannot be classified as a piece of artwork to go up on a wall for display
To me this painting shows a creature about to be slayed. The sword in the air about to murder this creature. It makes me angry that someone could do such a thing. I feel like this man needs the sword turned on him.
While I do love the colors with the green, purple(ish), and yellow... I feel like there is too much black. It's too messy. It does remind me of a tree though.
I don't like priests, especially higher ups.
Another portrait of a boring old white man, truly boring.
the color of the painting makes the painting look scary
I don't feel that there is any sort of talent in this type of art.
very offputting, the worst part is the person's face, it's like a ghost or a spirit. makes me very uncomfortable
I am not sure what this paining is of, it makes me feel angry that I can bot figure it out.
The red contrasts with the teal so much that it is a little unsettling
The colors swirled together is like chaos in an white serene world
it's too simple. My 5 year old daughter could do this. how is this even art
to me this make me feel very angry, in my mind when I saw this it represented the catholic church killing innocent people, this is a upsetting image
This makes me feel upset because how the girl looks. She looks disgusted or not happy
This looks like ugly yellow wallpaper from the 70s
nothing to even report, the laziest attempt at art ever, they just framed a blank circle
The sharp black lines of the dead tree compared to the smoother strokes elsewhere
The expressions on the figures in the backgrounds faces seem like they are suffering.
The themes in the painiting seem very Catholic and judgemental.
The red and blue is angry but at the same time the colors come together.
I'm mad that the 12 were so unworthy and yet still chosen, and these are the men of the Bible that we listen to?
To dark and ugly painting. I feel anger looking at this dark confusing painting. Not even sure what is going on here.
There fighting and death in this scene is very violent and angry
The man's eyebrows, eyes and even hair look incredibly arrogant, and he's literally looking down his nose at the world in his fancy red gown.
The strips of crisscrossing colors looks odd and incomplete.
The bold red color gives an essence of anger.  The  grip seems strong like the person is mad and trying to relieve anger.
I feel like these men are being overworked in the cold and they look angry about it.
Unfinished peace of work that only uses three blobs of color and appears to require no technique.
I like a picture that says something and this shows nothing.
An erotic example of female objectification.
I don't think it takes much talent to make a set of black, yellow, and white rectangles.  I think I would be willing to give this painting more lenience if it at least used vibrant colors.  I don't like the colors used here.
It reminds me of my daughter scribbling on windows and walls, which always annoys me.
Makes me angry that this is a fine art painting that can be sold for thousands. it's just colored stripes.
The king figure seems to be backing away from the pleading mother who may need help.
The color of the bird makes it seem scary and as if it is attacking the city
The dark red tones and the man's expression show anger
The brown bordered by black and white give this an angry feel and the contrast is exaggerated
The subject looks like he's glaring angrily at me.
Looks like a child did it and it makes no sense to me.
The faces in this are disturbing to look at between the strange smiles and bland features.
Children posing, or even imagined, in adult poses blurs the line as to what is innocence and pedophilia.
Sloppy blobs of dripping paint are not "art" to me, they insult my idea of creative work.
Looks like a mix of 6 paintings and then a screen of a TV error.
While being whipped in subjection, the herd makes a run towards freedom.
The group looks like they are conspiring to do something bad
This looks like ugly abstract expressionism art. I do feel angry when the artist just hits the canvas with ugly colors and it has no subject.
Her bored, indifferent expression as she plays the piano says she is not happy and would rather be doing something she enjoys.
the light and dark blocks are not even, and that is irking
a very crude drawing, the lines are harsh and uneven, the colors are drab and muddy, not a good painting
This isn't art, there's just a blob of color and nothing creative about it
Lots of reds, reminds me of a fight between red and blue entities.
The look in this man's face shows he must have  been a rude and arrogant man.
It just looks a bit cursory and rushed/ not completed to a high standard.
It was a terrible thing that happened over there and now he has been saved by this man and i pray he makes it.
Someone is about to get a dagger in their body. The person being killed is naked, without a weapon, powerless. The man is dressed, with a weapon, the dynamic is unfair.
Trees and forests being deforested makes me upset. The tree has been cut down, stripped bare, ready to be turned into something for a petty human.
At first I felt happy because it looked like a celebration, but then I saw the dogs biting the naked woman and the villain on the horse with the sword coming to attack her. I want to defend her and destroy the nayerdowells.
It is just a blue square.  I don't like paintings that don't have some sort of scene being portrayed in them.  Or, at least, I would like a combination of different colors.
This isn't a painting this is a blue canvas and should not be considered art.
The colors are very strong on this and the bull looks mad, the poor woman seems to have had her head chopped off while simply trying to do some work and that just kind of makes me irritated.
The man is bearing a weapon and has very angry serious face
It appears this poor woman has caught her partner drunk with antoher woman
This looks like the bottom of a transparency machine I saw in school and reminded me how much I hate those machines
sketched rectangle that's solid, with a shadow of it'self in light color. Very blah.
This painting represents nervous and negative energy toward KKE, an extreme political party.
Looks like blood against an urban fence
This makes me angry because it is a green block that anyone with patience could make.
the black and yellow make me feel angry because they are so busy, reminds me of people rushing, rushing, rushing
the black, orange, and red colors
This picture makes me feel anger because it makes me think that the boy is spying on the ladies in the background.
its beautiful
A demon god head stands above a white door.
Colour red and dark blue make me feel anger.
This photo makes me feel anger. I hate that it would seem the woman is stuck somewhere on her own and no one cares about her.
Looks like they are out hunting something maybe the person in the front.  So sad all around.
This looks like something an angry punk rocker or angry youth would make. They seem like lockers almost, but they have graffitti all over them.
because so many are dying in a probably meaningless war
Her face looks angry and unfeeling
It looks like a man being accused rather directly by another man, perhaps the man on the right is jesus?
The man's expression seems pensive
anger of women is like killing the man in the form of tree
There is a riot going on where people are getting ready to drop huge rocks on someone.
This looks like someone took their rage out on a canvas. The colors remind me of fire. The arrangement of color seems almost intrusive and overbearing.
The colors and the breaking of the colors with the lines that are not straight make me feel anger
The guys is fat and has this really smug look on his face, also it is orange and it is known to provoke aggressive emotions, maybe that's why I feel that way.
This man looks mad or angry.
the expression on the figure's face looks somewhat angry
The purple blobs and red dabs look like old blood stains.
Old painting of a woman that makes me think she is mad or angry.
Jesus looks so uncomfortable on the cross.
The circle and all seeing eye.
This makes me feel angry because to me, this isn't art. Literally anyone can draw a bunch of swirls on a chalkboard.
The dark colors automatically make me feel a bit angry and even though this painting looks abstract, it seems to have sharp edges within the painting that also make me think of violence.
The red and brown tones in this painting make me feel irritated and angry.
Looks like the man in green is hurting the man in red and the man in yellow is keeping the woman from helping.
All that red makes me angry
The tiny scribble of red looks done out of irateness.
The woman on the horse has an angry look on her face.
Theexpressionontheman'sfaceappearsangry.
the people in the painting look very arrogant and arrogance pisses me off
it reminds me of oil wells, which polluted the land where I grew up and makes me angry
the dark black background and the bright red suggest anger
Pointy lines and squares hurt my head.
her facial expression and redness of the face gives me a feeling of anger
This picture raises anger,disgust, and fear feelings. It makes the mind wonder whats really happening, thou you know its not good. There are always two sides to every picture and we usually only get one side. is the woman defending herself here, or is the man being the victom and attacked? its a peice that defiently opens the mind to many possibilities.
The colors are angry and the man is intense as if he is inspiring a revolution
the face is red and mad looking
This lady looks very mean with her judging eyes.
The solid red is anger that's so powerful it's blocking out any other emotions or issues.
The blue with the white and burlap blend together angrily.
The man's eyebrows make him look like he's mad.
Why package fruit like that, such a waste of plastic and whatever the tray is made out of that ultimately just gets thrown away.
The man in the front looks a bit mad.
With the bold colors and the way it is painted to me it shows anger.
There is a giant storm over the little city.
A stolen rainbow.
i feel a sense of evilness because of the shapes within the colors
The woman looks so angry sitting there.
The big black block takes attention away from the other colors
The darkness of the colors of the picture and the way they are holding the guy shows fear and sadness to me
Her stern face and bucking horse makes me believe she lacks compassion.
Some have a colorful and safe road ahead and some have a longer, hard and dangerous road to travel.
the drawing is not so perfect
The lines going through the piece make it chaotic and hard to comprehend
The woman's eyebrows are angled very far downward.
because they seem to be about to attack someone who is defensless
I'm angry because the man carrying a cross, looks happy to be going to his death and somehow that doesn't seem like something you'd be happy about. Also, the guy on the side looks afraid of him.
The red hat gives of the sense of dictatorship and selfess dominace.
Some of the men are a bit mad towards the man with the book.
The faces of the people give it an angry feel .
its like the female is kneeling before the male, in this  century I see equal in gender.
The red looks like blood against the black background.
The reds just portray a angry painting.
The colors and lines remind me of a nazi swastika
War and destruction are not visually appealing.
The way the two men have tied up the man on the post makes me feel very angry.
The combo of red and black upsets me
The red shade with 2 Gray shades next to it expresses to me there is some sort of fire raging to get out
Graffiti on a wall that speaks of politicians. There is an angry undertone
This picture looks to me like the men are yelling at the woman. It makes me angry for her.
These creatures are fighting each other and look angry.
I am not sure why, but this painting makes me angry, this beautiful woman, with no face, she has red marks on her knees, which makes me think she's been kneeling for a long time. She is full figured, but with no face, it disturbs me that she is faceless.
The blue shape looks like a swastika
Stop selling a lie
The cow is so sweet and innocent and is getting hurt by the cat.
The intensity of the swords intertwined with the horses in battle show how much anger there is in this picture.
The storyteller looks very upset.
Very aggressive.  Feels very combative and accusing.
the model is posing in nude it makes anger
the eyes and facial expression gives me a feeling of anger
Your kidding right? How is this art? It looks like someone painted a line and then dropped a can of grey. No expression in the work at all
The red and orange look like they were placed on the canvas in a violent manner.
it annoys me how weird it is and that there seems no real purpose
The smug look on this mans face brings that about
The guy standing appears to be angry and full of rage. Looks like he is hitting the guy on the ground
It reminds me of broken glass, and so much broken glass is a result of vandalism.
The red looks like it was painted aggressively all over the canvas.
This man to me has anger showing in his face..
It looks like slaves of all ages working in terrible conditions in order to satisfy the royal queen's demands which makes me angry
The red colour reminds me of blood and anger. The blue slashes across the picture remind me of conflict.
The red feels angry and the lines create commotion as if a furious argument
the darkness in the background and the facial expression gives me a feeling of anger
Combativeness.  No one is working together towards a common, positive purpose.
Colonialist propaganda
The red feels like someone killed someone.
He is a man who seems content with his life, but he is nevertheless a mere cog in the machine.
The harsh splatter feels like it was done out of anger. It also looks like blood spatter from a murderer.
The character looks angry and walking with purpose and intensity
This painting makes me feel angry because it doesn't make any sense. Why would someone waste their time painting some boring lines with dull colors and no apparent subject or excitement?
The look on this man's face is filled with an angry distaste for something.
They obviously plot to murder someone.
This painting made me annoyed I thought it was a glitch or a paused frame in a video player it is not a good painting.
the red paint seems aggressive and the drips make it almost scary like blood
The man's face is disturbing
It makes me feel like the smaller person is a prisoner and has no choice.
The painting appears peaceful at first, but there seems to be something occurring on the bridge, possibly some sort of explosion.
It looks like someone is looking up to god and asking why. Their mouth is open like they are asking for help.
The red and yellow tones in the painting make me think of violence which makes me angry.
The sharpness of the colored pieces convey anger to me.
Red invokes anger in me
They are gossiping and they think they are above others.
The mans pose is very heroic but he has a telescope and his gaze is set on a foreign land, which makes me think hes planning an attack.
it is suggested by the black dots
The busyness of this is very confusing and makes me angry
The red and blue contrast make me uncomfortable.
I don't know why the neck is supposed to be like that but it just looks uncomfortable.
I feel like the light is being blocked out by the black boxes.
his facial expression looks as if he is mad
the majority of the figures look very upset
Many people are help bringing Jesus to his death.
There is nothing interesting to look at
It looks as if two sides are fighting each other, like anger is creeping in from the sides.
because it looks so simple like the artist didn't try
This looks like a child scribbles all over a piece of paper.  There is no uniformity or purpose in the squiggles that I can see
There should be something in a painting that is interesting, this is just weird shapes
The red and yellow almost make me think of fire and damage to the country side.
This gives me the feeling of frustration, which always angers me.
Jesus would be welcoming to all immigrants.
The dark background with the splashes of brighter colors show anger and being upset.
This art reminds me of an angered person. There are obscene words written on the piece and everything is completely chaotic. It reminds me of someone who has a million things going on at once and has no control.
I'm assuming this is supposed to be a depiction of Mary and Jesus. I feel angry that centuries of people have been told to follow Christianity without using their brains.
I dont like how they depicted hte last supper with ciggarettes
I get so angry with pieces like this. I mean its not that hard to put rando colors together. I dont feel like this shows talent at all
She is not properly jolding her baby and he could easiky get hurt
The facial expression on one of the people looks uncomfortable, it looks like a tangled mess, and the red invokes anger.
the image is nude
Bothered by the images of tortures taking place.
Shoes laying on the ground is not art!
It looks to be a man leading with his penis. Undue confidence derived from his manhood.
The torn pieces suggest anger and choas to me.
I feel as if there is backstabbing in this picture
The shapes move furiously, the colors are bitter as if irate.
It resembles a looming mushroom cloud
The harsh red and orange tones arouse anger in me.
To many different colors.
It's just a bunch of shapes, and it's irritating to me to spend time trying to figure out what it is as a whole and what the different parts are.
I don't consider this art, it looks ugly
This woman's face looks like she is very angry about something.
The man looking down at the man on his knees, as if the man was unworthy, makes me feel mad and angry.
How is this even art???
The womans facial expression is filled with anger.
i am mad because they put the fruit on the floor and i would not eat off the floor
In my opinion this is not very good art. it is a bench likely given a story to give it 'meaning'. in relaity its just a white bench in a white room. If someone didnt say it was art no one would notice it. it stirs up anger in me because this passes of art alongside real masterworks.
This looks like war or a high crime alleyway, like bullets or blood or grime have been tossed against a surface.
Disorganization creates anger and frustration. Each item is a piece of itself. There is no complete piece. It is only a part.
Irritated by the over simplified painting.  Perhaps with the thin orange line it could be a sunset at sea, but too simple to be real art.
The horses are way over weight, and are being forced to carry around people with weapons.
red is commonly a color associated with anger
The robes seem religious, so the chains suggest persecution.
I feel like there is something here that I would like to see but the center looks as if it's torn and I feel angry that I can't make it out.
Somehow this makes me angry.  It might be the red colors or how it looks unfinished, with the blue not even filling all the areas it's in.
there is much logging happening in this area
Anger as the man looks smug to me.
The colors are muted and the angles don't overlap evenly and I feel irritation at the image as if it's disjointed but overwhelming.
lady looks like a snob and shouldnt have a fox in a cart like that
This picture only has blue in it and it is dark and not of anything.
gives the feel of an angry fighter
The stupid moving company hung the picture backward again.
The dog's focused  eyes and wagging tongue signal he is not to be tangled with.
The vibrant color and aggressive shape make this feel very angry.
The black and white photo and what looks like slave workers in this painting brings an ominous vibe to this peice.
The arched eyebrows and looking down the nose seem snooty and annoy me.
the skies are dark and the colors muted like they are angry. people look like that are about to arrest someone.
don't care for the repetitive and over simplified blocks of red and blue.  boring
Someone seems to have defaced aperfectly good white wall
this man appears to be a nefarious political leader of some sort
Very hostile piece, this piece makes me think of murder and anger at a spouse.  Hatred.
This shows nothing but white, no story whatsoever.
The two ladies are talking about the other lady standing by herself. Everyone should be included. I became very angry when I seen this art piece.
The young white mean on a farmstead look like colonizers to me.
People reading a book and a man feeding a camel, as saints are being lay to their rest, makes me extremely angry.
The bright red colour is a stimulating colour that incites anger
The expression on the women's face on the left looks angry, and the roughness of the sketch gives off an angry feel.
This painting irritates me because it appears too simple to be a real work of art.  Just looks like a few different width lines in different colors.
This artwork creates anger by the strokes made throughout. Some areas are thicker and more preciise. This shows more anger.
The Reds make it look like the town is on fire.  Hell approachith!  Maybe just above from view there is a really hot enormous presence causing rooftops to burn...
Down for the count but perhaps not for long.
a somewhat unfinished sketch, i see the cherubs but they are unfinished, can't tell if the main is a priest or angel also
It makes me angry that someone would think to call this art.
The woman has an irritated look on her face as if i just interrupted something important.  I can’t help but feel irritated back at her.
The black attire on the man, the redness of the background and the man's side eye expression are all scary.
I've come across this work of art before, now it just seems like someone is playing tricks with my head.
the look in both his eyes and the horses eyes
The smoke from the chimneys has cause major pollution.
I am angry that some people actually consider this art when it's just a blank wall.
The cheerfulness of the balloons is marred by the corporate logos.
The face on the right seems finished, but the object on the left doesn't in comparison.  Nor do I really see how the two sides are connected.
Smoke and pollution are spoiling an otherwise beautiful scene.
This is not art, this is something an interior housepainter could do. It angers me that it is considered art.
All of the red fabric makes the religious ceremony look like it's taking place in a blood-filled room.
It kind of gives me a headache because my eyes do not know what dot to focus on.
Looked like it was made by a kid and I dislike the characters.
The staller subject has furrowed eyebrows and an angry expression
There is an intensity of anger on the person's face, which makes you feel angry for whatever it is they are going through.
The saint being crucified is vicious and cruel. The men pound nails into him without any show of emotion, seeming not to care. An old man, St. Peter has a look of fear in his eyes as he suffers. It's gruesome.
I feel irritated.  The man is seated and has his hand crossed, which feels standoffish.  He also has a bit of a pout.  I feel like he is giving me the cold shoulder.
The man is killing a poor animal and it looks like an angel is ready to punish him
The persons face and entire demeanor screams disdain. That makes me angry.
The chaotic looking brush strokes, mixed with the dark color emitting from the bottom right.
The person in the picture looks angry and displeased, which makes me feel angry, too.
The lines are aggressive and seem almost tribal like they are preparing for war.
The stern cold face of Abraham, holding a knife he intends to use to kill his son, speaks of no turning back. Isaac covers his face in terror as his mother grieves and tries to comfort him. It's a gruesome picture of a man prepared to murder his son, thinking a loving God demands it. It speaks to me of brainwashing and the danger of hyperreligiosity.
Thats not art, I don't care what anyone says.
The man's eyebrows suggest that he is mad.
Not sure what is happening to the poor man on the ground, but it doesn’t look good
This is just frustrating to look at because there is too much going on.
The fact that there is nothing makes me frustrated.
The figures look to be in great distress.
The lines resemble a prison cell made out of blood.
The combination of the man's sour face and the rich fur and velvet of his clothing evokes a distasteful sense of wealth and privilege.
It looks like someone scratched up a nice wooden floor
The fact that I don't know what this painting is  makes me angry, It looks like some is getting yelled at in the painting.
This looks like something I would paint, rage in sharp brush strokes on a calming cream canvas.
The shading of the objects on the table is quite disorientated and makes the objects appear strange
Ugly face and a red top as well as a stop hand gesture are big turn offs.
This actually makes me a little mad because the shapes aren't even lined up or anything.
I don't like this image simply because it looks like bunch of clowns fighting in a weird Where's Waldo art style.
this painting shows a time where white men had slaves and the men appear to be showing off or trying to intimidate the woman.
The woman looks like she's nude with her legs in the air while the man at her side looks like an aggressive pimp.
I don't like the image, it looks creepy, and I hate how it's all the one color scheme, it looks weird and unnatural.
doesn't look very artistic, weird random objects, looks unfinished
A chaos of rats and chaos forced into a small space.
The dark color scheme and harshness of the lines in this image make me feel angry.
the faintness at the center makes me think the piece was not preserved well which is sad
Is this it? If I wanted this I coulda gone to walmart and gotten a roll of wallpaper and tada!
This image looks messy and stresses me out, it's very busy.
The curved pieces are cut at different lengths.
This one of the most uncreative paintings I've ever seen.
the rendering is so poor, looks like a cave drawing, i hope it's in a children's book
The destructiveness of war showing the piles of bodies already accumilating with no clue as to who is winning.
looks like a woman is being attacked
The man has a scowl on his face and thoughts on his mind.
The man in the painting looks so stoic and the dark background gives off a sense of tension.
Another painting that makes no sense why its a thing. I really dislike that because what is it, whats the point of it
The colors are so similar that the two splotches of paint almost blend into the background; it's annoying.
There's a lot going on here, a tug of war?  Motion is everywhere.  I wonder if that woman in red and green is Mary Magdalene. She could be a High Priestess!
This is not art and it makes me angry that it is considered art.
This isnt a painting, this is a paint swatch that someone got drunk and made one day. I hate it overall
There's so much red, yellow, and orange that the image has too much undirected energy.
The out of focus view clashes with the soft, peaceful colors in an irritating way.
The colors are jumbled together and don't create a pleasing effect, especially with the darker streaks
the placement and color of the lines have a very aggressive feel
The angry, red background and the spiked shapes are chaotic.
A square of magenta and a rectangle of black on a red background feels like anger to me.  It feels like someone is mad.  There's nothing pleasant or happy about this.  These are angry colors.  The shapes are not soft designs either which makes is also feel angry.
The orange and yellow give a feeling of anger
This painting causes anger at the knight's attack on a docile dragon.
The swirls of red and yellow are like a hot and dry desert
It's very clearly communist China here, so all I can think about are the mass murders that they committed. The smile on the right-most man's face make the painting feel like a parody; it's so goofy.
I don't like the black shapes that were used to design this picture.  It looks like a Rorschach test more so than a painting.  I would like for there to be more definition in the shapes.
The strokes seem hurried and brash which creates an energy that feels negative
Looks like someone with power that I would have contempt for.
The lack of details besides the lips, or what could be a fish, makes the piece irritating.
Extremely dark and foreboding like an evil scene lurking under the darkness
Although the colors are beautiful they seem to be entwined in a  ball of anger.
This appears to be a few ladies taking a nap, but it looks to me like its the subjugated working class taking a much needed break before they get back to work for the profit and benefit of others.
There is a lot going on in this painting and it feels like there is some conflict, feels stressful.
This person's scowl in the eyes suggests transgenders help been with us since the beginning.
the slat of his eye toward each other and the clasp of the hands.
The black markings appear to be filling in the red background of this abstract piece.  The markings remind a viewer of the way resentments can become permanent aspects of one's character; grounding them against a red background illustrates the danger of anger.
The eyes of the figure in the painting shows anger. Makes me feel anger
The black darkness is covering the happy colors underneath
There is a lot of aggression in this for me.  Like a combative approach to life, fight everyone mentality.
The shape is too simplistic and makes me feel like artist is making fun of the viewer
She does not have a happy aspect on her face and the red on her dress makes her appear even more upset.
I feel upset at this because it seems so random. Like shapes plus someone doing addition, I wonder why is that there.
This makes me feel a little aggressive. The red strokes signify blood or hate, and the black signifies death. The way they are combined is very primitive, as if full of toxicity.
The body language of the middle figure makes it seem as though he in bragging in an irritating way
Everything looks very messy and the art is disorganized.
The wrath of God is pouring down upon the men of the world for their sins.
Knowing that people and animals are dying.
Her lack of eyebrows gives her an angry look, which rubs off on my mood.
There is a battle and men are on horses with weapons
The painting has no shapes in it.  It only has two different colors.  It doesn't excite me in anyway.  It doesn't take any artistic talent to do this so I don't like this style of painting.
It feels like the painting is being censored and there is something more beautiful underneath
The face in the painting has a real disapproving look on his face. It makes me feel like they are angry and makes me angry as well.
The woman is obviously waiting on the man.
the look in the mans  eyes and the darkness in the background
Not art, looks like a wallpaper sample album.
The scene of oppression and slavery, though historic, evokes feeling of anger and shame.
The face on the man is very angry and stern
The look on this woman's face is unsettling and it makes me feel like she is disapproving of my actions
Looks like the man in red is preying on the man in white.
A mixture of feminine and muscular facial impressions reminds me of angry in all genders.
The man on the left seems to be hiding something because his hands are behind his back.
there is way too much pink in the image, this much pink makes me upset.
The incompleteness of this art makes it irritating.
Her profiled look of disdain is off putting and upsetting
The red orange pattern looks like a close up of a flame and fire often symbolizes anger.
The wicked soldier has attacked and is killing the beautiful, innocent tiger.
Could have been very nice except why did the artist put advertising on the balloons? It cheapens the whole idea.
It looks like the pieces were broken and put on a canvas.
What even is this terrifying image? It looks horrific and like a weird science lab porno.
Anger management as a painting or an attempt to write in Chinese.  Visually, it makes me confused and upset.
It's just blank, with a square, it makes me feel a little angry that it is worth being evaluated.
It reminds me that society will never change. Even back then, upper class were too good to even glance at the poor.
There's nothing here, just a blank canvas that lacks any sort of imagination or creativity
the man looks like he is angry, so I empathize with him. His stern expression and narrow eyes give me that impression
The angry expression on the subject's face plus the heads in the background up top plus the darker colors make it feel like an angry painting to me.  It looks as if they are all looking in judgement and in anger with all those faces.s the
This could be made by an infant in nursery school.
her furrowed brow and tight lips make her look like she is there begrudgingly, like it is her duty, rather than her delight to pose
I can't even think of this as art.  It's three colors on a piece of paper ripped out of a spiral bound notebook.  I don't see the art value in that.  I see nothing aesthetically pleasing about this.  I'm annoyed that someone is passing this off as art and making money over it and that's the angry feeling.
The cat is on the counter with its paw on the fish.  He should NOT be on the counter!
The haphazard streaking of color reminds me of a newly keyed Tesla.
I suppose some people will like it but to me it is amatuerish and silly.
Pudgy older man appears wealthy and passing judgment on workers.
There seems to be anger hidden in the man's face like he is fussing at the auidence
Little Ms. Prissy Priss promised to an older man she thinks is her grandfather's age.  I would be pissed off too!
just yellow with a bit of orange, very uninspired, looks like it belongs in a mcdonalds
The man looks like he is scowling up at something
Im more mad someone tried to pass this off as art when it looks more like a leatherworker made a outline for an unfinished job
There's a lot of sleeping and not much work going on here, it gives me a tense angering feeling.
a blank room with blank walls and benches, feels like a rich celebrity trying to be artsy
This cat obviously made a habit of jumping on the table to eat.  Memorialized in a painting to remember all the times he has pissed me off!
This clock has been putting a spell on all of us since the Roman time period.  Wake up researchers! Do a survey on calendars...
That humans would so torture someone by the act of crucifixion creates anger especially when one considers the many soldiers standing by watching with approval.
The geometric shapes drawn on a geometric shape looks unfinished
It looks like someone took a paint brush and splashed angry red and black colors on the canvas, then tried some beige to calm down.
The man seems to be refusing the other man's offer to enter.
The red area along with the jagged strokes in the foreground make me irritable.
The scattered shapes and lines make are erratic and make me feel odd
It looks like a bunch of people that have started a fire to a small house
All the reds and blacks, along with the expression on the man's face, gives an aggressive feel to the overall image.
Like a bull, the red dragon elicited anger, the blue background dulled it a bit.
Life is sometimes like a bunch of chaotic activity.
The posture of the female figure is that of a domineering mistress. Her elbow almost seems to be crushing the man's head. Her entire attitude is one of bullying strength. The male figure is bent, grimacing and wedging a tool into what seems a giant pile of unyielding mass. The obvious servility suggests unhappiness and a reason to be angry.
there is a red angry figure that is held behind the white bars
This painting has me seeing red, literally. Feels like one of those weird video infared filters that blows out everything intoa hypersaturated red/green mess, so that what is seen is not even remotely clearly defined by normal visual standards. But that feeling's there, of heat and fire and a battle of some sort. I thick that tense, nervous and aggressive adrenaline rush feel is evoked here.
The look of contempt feels like its directed at me personally
The man is dressed in all balck and has a clear frown
I don't like how it's just a bunch of random things put together.
This is not art, it looks like someone started a spirograph drawing and quit.
It should be enough that the bird is dead. This is humiliation. It's cruel.
The blank white space in the middle makes me uneasy.
the swirls of the painting, the colors, everything looks aggressive and harsh, which makes me feel angry.
The hunches postures and darkness above their heads makes it seem like they are not happy to be working out in the field.
This is too simple, almost planned to be devisive and that is supposed ot be the art of it.
Not art, looks like the cover of a students notebook.
The elderly man with a long face appears to be angry.
What a waste of paint. Like Seriously. I hate seeing this type of abstract. All that emptiness.
Another spat of color on the page and say its art. I hate this, its not art, its a kids doodle.
They are beating the poor man on the ground with sticks
The red cuts through the black like scratches or scars in what feels like a fit of rage
I feel anger hear based on religious stories told to me, angry that no one helped him down and let him hang there. the colors are so bleak and the people beside him in harsh black and red menacing.
The mass of objects appear to be clustered in one central area
seems unfinished and the non existing paint on one item bothers me
His heart has been stolen through human sacrifice.  A Saint for the cause.  A martyr who died for us.
the look in her eyes and the poise of er back
what is this suppose to be? It is annoying and comes across as lazy.
It looks like a small child drew all over something they weren't supposed to.
angry of the fact that the female  appears to be taken advantage of.
This picture makes me feel a little angry. It's probably the darker color choices and the stormy sky.
Oh come on now. It didn't take much imagination or skill to make this. Is it a lopsided flag symbol? An eye of a whale? Does it sell for half a billion?
it looks like a king with his horse ready to destroy the dragon
Looks like subjugation
woman is overpowered by man's grasping arms
The composition here is overwhelming and cluttered which makes me feel frustrated
The grotesque lines and the framing of the subject, as if she's trapped in a box, make me hate this painting.
Reminds me of war ruins
Some fool will pay ten million for this, a black square on a white canvas. The more money and education they have, the dumber they are. If I painted it, of course, it would not sell, because I "don't know the right people". It's a hoax.
Just a plain yellow block, makes me angry there is not more to this picture.
I get the feeling of anger due to the hard red mark making (scribbly) as if red symbolizing blood and the written text gives a scary feel
Too much red and yellow, too bright .
Why should I spend my time trying to figure this out.
This piece has such a bright white hue to it that it gives me a headache.
I could feel the anger from the face of the portrait.
Probably sells for millions of dollars. "A three year old could do it." It might also be a source of amusement, remind someone of some happy moment, and it has no utilitarian function, so of course it is still "Art".
If I had painted this when 5 years of age, it would have been thrown away, not selling for millions. It must mean something to someone, I suppose, and it's cryptic message might occupy someone for quite some time, but it would give me a headache trying to decipher this. Where's the skill?
The sky is ominous and brush strokes unsettled, mother nature is ready for fury
I'm not much for modern art, so seeing what appears to be a plain plank being described as 'art' makes me quite mad.
There's no real focal point, and my brain wants to read the "writing" (scribbly bits) but it can't because it's not writing.
the bold markings deface the delicate writing and painting underneath
i dont like it, looks weird and childlike
the horses appear aggressive and the scene is one of carnage
Sharp contours make me uncomfortable
It makes me angry that the bishop would waste all the churches money on his wardrobe when they could help people
Spreadsheets, math grids, uniformity and rigidness.  This makes me upset inside, reminding me of things I'm either not good at, can get in trouble for, just things that make me upset or angry inside.
This looks like someone is angry and put all these scratches down to show how angry they are.
The color feels bitter, the dripping is graffiti creating a resentful feeling
This man looks like hes very upset and angry at someone!
It is just blocks of color. Anyone can do this. Nothing special at all.
This lady looks like she is angry and trying to figure out her problem.
i find this kind of art unimpressive and silly. makes me angry that its considered art
The beautiful colors of the sunset envelope the entire scene.
This painting just seems random and pointless.
These look like balls of raging fire that ate causing lots of trouble.
Man raping woman.
It feels like a clown is yelling at me.
Fuck religion
The woman are wearing very uncomfortable clothing based on societal expectations. Their shoes alone look terrible to walk in.
dark shading
The stern look on the womans face is daunting and angry.  She expects trouble and is ready for it.
The red patches look like blood. The yellow patches in contrast with the red evoke anger.
his expression in the image looks quite anger
Toddler on wall (cir. 2019)
I feel anger because these people with masks look like bandits that are stealing from someone.
A line on a blank canvas just seems silly and pointless.
The splattered pain and the messy writing suggests anger.
Sad and angry that the cross crucification is worshiped and adored by many. Pitiful.
Anger as it appears both people are naked and the man is attacking the woman.
The image is so stark and dark, and the woman looks so defeated.
Splattered red paint is like blood all over the canvas, splatter painted in rage.
the opulence of the dress and fur is angering
the person being drawn and the skinny dog are very unfair facts.
It seems like these officials may be harassing a man, but I'm not completely sure.
This painting makes me feel anger because of its dark and depressing imagery.
This man looks like he just found out his daughter eloped with a poor man. He appears to be a gentleman, is dressed the part with the ascot and collar. The hardwood chair he sits in looks well made so this man is not poor himself. His clothes make him look like a small land owner or a book keeper. The sideburns and healthy complexion indicate he eats well, and has himself groomed regularly.
The red color has lots of sharp points and is colored in very unevenly
Man feels like a villian, tacky pilgrim hat, its like the evil guy in pocahontas forcing himself on a lady
It just looks like two scrawls of drippy paint. Don't see any discernible 'technique' or form or flow.
This black scrible on a white paper displays the emotion of anger.
His eyes are most notable and express anger and resentment.
There is something infuriating about the contrast between the beautifully rendered figures and the ugly theme of sexual assault.
Looks like these guys have infiltrated a sacred place and are taking over.
I feel like he's giving me the ole side eye.
the girl in the photo looks angry as if shes mad at me
This puts me in some type of fear because of the sketching of the pencil
The picture is of a man whose facial expressions are filled with anger. This is particularly noted in his eyes.
The red over all the food and drink bring to mind vandals have been at work. It reminds me of what happened at Plymouth Rock  recently.
This...this isnt art this is doodles that some guy high on shrooms made that I have no idea what it is but it aint art
The man is sleeping and looks like he ruined his house
This looks very uncomfortable, everyone looks agitated by their facial expressions
It makes me roll my eyes that the person is drawn to look white.
The "artist" just chucked paint at the top of the canvas. This isn't anything.
The red dreary colors make me feel angry. The dark colors are run together. Red and dark colors always make me think of dark and angry times.
Looks like a crime scene photo.
This is idiotic and it looks like the inside of a black pumpkin.
I do not like that the painting is only done in white and red. It is limited
The spines of the shell are sharp and pointy and the colors harsh.
This looks like a crime scene, red makes me think of blood
The looks of disgust, judgement and anger on the faces of all the people.
her facial expression is angry and her arms are crossed which makes her seem standoffish
The man has no expression on his face except for his leering eyes.  He looks evil.
Blurred flowerers are a shame of a thing to all those with poor vision.
The lines in this painting are very harsh and unrefined. The brushstrokes look untrained
Homes are getting buried and they are just building right on top of them.
It looks like another rich white man sitting in judgement of the world
The animal looks like a fox. The chain means it's in captivity. This is sad, because wild animals should be free.
The little baby angel looks like he is pulling the lady's ribbon off. That is mean of him.
I dont care for the clown-like imagery
The commotion and different colors looks like a total mess.
The text is intrusive, pandering for web views in a pure black rectangle, ruins the image, using classical engravings to push their values onto me, so wrong
This painting looks like fire. It makes me feel kind of angry inside. It looks like a fire with a bunch of smoke coming from it.
I feel anger because I dont understand how this is a piece of art when it looks like someone planning the back of a hotel front desk
All the scratch make me feel like the artist was in pain and suffering
This image frightened me and the colors are too harsh.
The painting is too simple. The red and black colors clash very much
This angers me with the lack of care the rider has for anyone in the walkway. The dark color seems like the devil on the horse.
The portrait of the man has a stern expression. The ink spilled and splotched that forms the shape of his head and neck presents a sense of someone glowering. Like the man is about to head rush himself through a crowded sidewalk of people and is not looking forward to it.
when studying the painting the subject is angry looking in turn making me feel angry
it looks like a pipe i don't like that
The black is slashed about and the eyes are ominous making me feel angry
Next time I spill a paint can I'll call it art.  It angers me that people actually pay tons of money for a mess like this.
This is gleefully hideous and looks like it came from a preschool trashcan.
This genuinely looks like a five year old did this. What was even the point?
the painting of two men drunk in a cafe. it feels a bit depressing too with the choice of grays and black as main color theme
looks like a child's drawing, why is the background in red, kind of annoying
Don't like the 'slathering' technique of applying paint or the colors used. Kind of drab and ill-defined.
This guy looks like he could be a slave owner.
I am angry that this man stabbed this woman while someone watched.
Well, I feel like someone had a snack and did not clean up after themselves!
The bright yellow and red overtakes the painting with the red reminding me of spattered blood.
The crowd is shouting as Jesus walks to the cross
The twisted brush strokes feel irate and the color on the verge of fury
The two women in this image, fighting over what appears to be a blanket makes me think of sibling rivalry or more simply put not sharing and as someone who has an older sibling, thanking back to fighting with him over material items I get a sense of anger or resentment.
I feel as if the artist is trying to make us think this is art. There's not much too it, and it's not interesting. I feel the artist does not respect their audience.
The two look like they are mad at each other based on how they sit and their expressions.
I am disturbed that the artist made the face so much darker than the neck skin... she also seems to be frowning and angry... maybe it was an accurate depiction, based on what the artist perceived but it makes me feel a bit perturbed
I don't even know what this is supposed to be and it frustrates me.
The woman is making and angry and unpleasant face.
The frontmost woman in the white dress is upset at the girl in the back right corner, has an angry look on her face, has angrily knocked over a chair, and is holding something in her right hand that might be used to physically punish someone.
is this supposed to be an optical illusion, I don't get it
This looks like a TV screen that has lost reception and is annoying.
The man appears to have beheaded the woman, for what, his own transgressions?
This person looks fed up and angry.
The gathering on the eve of a coup.
The thin lines and chaotic color array make me feel uneasy and irritated
He looks angry.
I feel a mix of anger and disgust because I love elephants and this one clearly does not seem happy carrying such a load and being used as a servant. Human's past abuses of animals, especially elephants makes me so angry.
This makes me angry, like most modern art, because I don't see how this is art.
There are many people and creatures who are cleaning up after a war with many different groups involved.
Sort of get angry staring at this person, they seem like a totally bad person that deserves to be beaten up.
Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, would you please stand up.
The extreme and pointless irregularity of the black squares pisses me off.
The sharp lines in the picture make me uncomfortable and gives me a feeling of anger.
The guy looks like he's very mad.
The expression on the man's face is pompous and smug.
This color scheme and figures make me think of war.
The symbolism in this piece is tired and cliched.
Fine art is really no place for a company logo especially when they destroy the environment
To me this is a satire of Christ and I don't like it.
black and gray tones and complex lines make me nervous.
his face looks old and angry
The family of 5 is waiting for something to happen, but are not sure what is going to happen.
This man who is in stress is looking with angry eyes.
The girl in the picture has an angry face, rage eyes.
The way the man is holding the weapon states that he is prepared to kill if needed There is a determination in his face that definitely states he is not to be messed with under any circumstances.
The subject doesn't make sense, and is therefore frustrating.
Gave me the first impression of a fight, and the girl sitting looks scared.
This seems incomplete or censored.
The lines look like they should construct something but it is unfinished leaving me annoyed and unsatisfied
It looks like a college student splayed their books everywhere in frustration
this man looks like he can be full of himself with that look on his face. he does not look very friendly and the colors are not pleasing to look at
though just blobs of color, looks like it's depicting rage and anger
I think this man is very proud of his military accomplishments, regardless of the costs of human lives.
Thoughts formulate before the killing takes place.
Battle faces action charge strike horse and helmet sword drawn
The sight of clowns always makes me angry, especially when portrayed as anything but monsters.
I would not qualify this as an artwork because it is bent neon tubing with a statement
blobs of color but just angrily thrown together
The woman's tone is cold as the two men fiercely battle.
It looks like something major is going on with the people. One woman has her arms crossed in anger.
I feel like I am going to be attacked by a clown at any moment
They appear to be fighting over a woman
Old art, I always feel that the men always look mad.
This does not look like art more what happens when a child is let loose with white paint on blue paper.
The words over the image make it feel like graffiti and that artwork has been destroyed.
The  other men are torturing Jesus
This painting gives me a feeling of their sense of self-entitlement. It shows their white privilege and social status. It is rude.
I feel anger because all of the people in the image are fighting each other.
He looks like smug aristocracy, entitled and pompous
I feel angry because I really don't like the outfit shes wearing.
Looks like the artist got mad and stabbed the canvas.
She seems happy and at peace with her place in the world.
He was tied up and tortured with darts
This fills me with anger because it is two children torturing a cat with scorpions and as an avid animal lover, I hate this.
Looks like Mitt Romney, not the worst of his group, but bad enough.
The man seems as if he is shouting and saying "What did I tell you to do?"
Theway the drawing is done looks angry with the very black harsh pencil scribbles.
No one should ever be hung by nails in her hands and feet.  Sad that our Saviour had to do this.
This paint is horrible because it shows how the devil is trying to kill a little boy and that's not fair.
The Asian woman looks very upset.
I feel angry because work needs to be done to fix this landscape.
The man looks to be yelling in anger or pain.
She looks bored, likely to say, come on and get this over with!
angers me that this can be considered art.
He looks like he is annoyed with something.
Everyone in picture looks angry except the woman/baby who look content.
cannot tell what is h appening here
I feel angry because I really don't know or understand what this picture is.
Looks like the art stabbed the canvas with a knife.
The erratic brush strokes feel full of rage, the colors are bold and furious.
The woman has an angry or annoyed facial expression.
It shows war.  People being hurt, showing their anger towards one another and not caring for another human's life.
It looks like planks of wood trying to block my path
It's too simple for my taste. It needs to either be softer or more detailed.
It looks like the two in the painting are facing up to one another
The unseeing eyes and the stern expression are all signs of anger. Almost as if the woman does not want to see anything else and has made up her mind.
How can this woman be so tarted up when thousands are dying outside in the streets????!!!!!?????
It angers me how others worship one but why? Looks like an unfair society where all must bow but one.
The man and woman throwing weapons at each other
The black strokes take away from the other cheerful colors of this painting.
He is making her do all the work
The choppy blocks of red, pink, orange and green make my brain hurt. I cannot understand why there is a grey figure standing off to the side leaning on another block.
This makes me feel anger and disgust because of the treatment of the bull. I cannot stand animal cruelty and this is a serious depiction of that.
This would be the worst desktop screen ever!
It makes me wonder what political campaign this may be for.
I am angry, not at the artist, but at the smug look on the subject, who is full of himself.
Looks like a piano teacher mad that her student is late.
All the fractures of lines are very chaotic to my brain
This piece is so busy that it's frustrating.
this elicits anger in me because it seems to be showing a woman fighting off a man who was abusing her
It does not look like art or something talented but more like an infant making a mess.
This looks like the crusades were about to begin
the man looks so mad
The picture is very busy and the color scheme is aggravating.
The woman is disheveled and angry, as if something not very nice has happened to her.
the anger in the woman's face shows that once again she is giving good advice that is going to get ignored
The black slashes are angry.
The dark lines slashing against the black boxes seems angry to me
I'm not sure what the V is about, but the elephant looks angry for having to carry the load. I feel bad for him
Despite being well dressed and elegant the woman seems angry simply by her expression and the heavy rouge on her cheeks.
This is an angry man. He looks like he is about to accuse someone of doing something very bad.
Great painting, the halo effect triggers my opinion of religion.
The stern look along with the dark colors depict anger.The folded arms suggest he is trying to hold his emotions without loosing control.
These gentlemen looks like they are debating a court case. That that cannot come to a conclusion on the vertic
It seems the woman at the door just opened it without any notice and I hate when people do that.
The lady is being depicted in a degrading way with being fat and with hats falling off.
The scene is archaic but painted to reality
The splattering and sharpness of the lines suggest anger to me.
This looks like a modern version of the crucifixion of Christ.
Mitt Romney is my Senator, and I am none too happy with him.
The facial expression of the woman in this picture makes me feel as though she may be a little angry about something.
I don't understand this at all.  Probably comes under modern art where an object is art.  Like the majority of the population I don't see any talent or art in this.
I feel like all the colors, disorder and squiggles show anger.
the man looks very upset and irritated about something
Everyone in the picture looks like they are going to war.
Everyone in the painting looks as if they are in a commotion, you can feel the tension of the piece.
The old men`s faces look angry.
The man's face appears surprised and angered by something.
This makes me angry because I have no idea what I am looking at or how I am supposed to feel.  It's just a bunch of black squares on a white background. There are no interesting shapes, no interesting colors, and no pattern variation - ugh.
It looks like a kid smeared honey behind an artwok
There are lots of differing textures and colors, each not seeming to go with the next. The juxtaposition of these different elements can be frustrating.
The man 's arrogant gaze and his cruelty makes me angry.
the guy's face looks mean
The man is somewhat upset and bothered
This man looks very angry.
the woman looks complaining
This looks like a murder scene where you can't recognize who or what that was
the composition doesn't feel balanced to me because of the pink
The pose of the horse rearing up looks as if he is about to fight.
It looks like someone stepped on a caterpillar
The smug expression on the man's face is annoying.
What this painting represents has destroyed so many lives, both literally and figuratively, that it infuriates me.
Looks like a picture of ancient  history in anger.
I feel they are making fun of this woman.
I feel dark thoughts interwoven with chaotic and manic thoughts.
The woman looks mad. Her face is angry and the pose of her body is angry.
I dont like how this priest holds the book as though he is the only one that knows God. In fact,it is sun worship as evidenced by his garments.
She looks angry as she is turning her head and pouting
This may be part of a country's media propaganda against the United States.
this man's expression seems condescending in a way that puts me on edge
The red splotch in the middle of the painting looks like something angry has damaged a peaceful forest.
This painting is frustrating because it's difficult to decipher.
She looks like she's has thrown things around out of anger
Annoyed that something so unimaginative could be considered art.
This artwork portray a pretentious man and it makes me angry
He looks like a mean old man who would yell at you for no reason.
The soldiers are affecting the couples lovemaking and that angers me. War is affecting love.
The woman's facial expression is unpleasant.
The scribbles look erratic, unstable and angry. Like someone about to explode.
That teacher looks like he is about to strike that poor student kneeling on the floor.
Looks like the artist got mad and poked the canvas with a pointy object.
The many slash lines make me feel angry
The expression on the guys' face and him being hunched over gives off an angry vibe.
The red and black reminds me of anger. The man looks stern.
I feel angry because I don't really understand what is going on inside this photo.
This is exactly how i feel right now. Angry!! The reds can symbolize the heated emotion one feels and the blue as sadness. There are many emotions here! white and some yellow. These describe many emotions of this painter.
I compare the buildings in this photo to an victorian castle and i love the blue color
There is way too much color making this too busy to look at.
My heart goes out to the guy dragging the others.  The colors and scenery make it look hot and difficult.
The red stands out making it look evil.
This painting makes me feel anger because it reminds me of an uncomfortable time in my life.
The stance of the one man is arrogant while the other looks to be in a fighting stance.
The color contrasts and combination makes this piece look very busy and it hard to look at.
This room looks overly crowded and uncomfortable, as if everyone is trying to squeeze in to be in the piece.
Throwing paint with paintbrushes is the sort of thing taught to primary aged children, and this looks the same.
The yellows make this painting look too busy.
The shapes in this image make me feel uncomfortable.
The man's angry expression captures my eye as well as the muted colors.
This picture makes me feel angry and almost stressed. The picture is very busy and has a lot going on because of all the purple splotches. The gentle purple also clashes with the harsh, muddy green in the background.
Something about the house colors and windows is off putting.
The simple sketch lines tells nothing and confuses me on what this is suppose to be.
I really dislike this picture and it makes me feel angry and stressed. The blue splotches of color make the painting look too busy and stresses me out. The blue and the green also don't mix well together and it almost reminds me of vomit.
the tossers throwing people about and Don Quixote's failure to influence them is frustrating and makes one angry
She should not be trying to force that cat to do anything, but she is pushing its head down
The lines and colors seem harsh and angry to me.
This painting makes me feel anger because it seems someone left the horse all alone.
The color is dark and the brush strokes are very agressive.
The red and orange reminds me of anger - along with the black splash
The abstract simple objects is confusing on what this is suppose to be which is frustrating, it looks like a layered night sky and a grass land but looks too simple and lacks detail.
The woman looks angry like she has been waiting for someone that never showed up
This makes me angry because it is poorly drawn, the red and white table and the vanity look as if they are tipping towards the viewer, which takes away from the rest of the painting.
The dark shadows bring out anger. The strong lines in the man's face also show sharpness.
It looks as if all these people are watching two men fight to the death just for their entertainment.
This looks like a literal pile of vomit with spinach in it.
It appears as though this women is uncomfortable with the creepy old men touching and groping her while she is naked yet they persist.
The ladies face is shadowy and uneven,I don't like that the artist didn't make her look her best the one time she was going to be immortalized indefinatley
While I realize, given the caption, that this is Jezebel and she did some evil things, men have done far worse in the Bible and were not thrown to the dogs. Fuck sexism.
The painting represetns anger. The lady in the painting has a angry face as if before she posed she fought with a mate that disturbed her picture within angry.
There's a bit of Chaos in there that just doesn't look reasonable
I dislike that dull orange color. I don't like it.
The abstract nature of the picture makes me feel disorganized it does not flow.
The bold colors of the background outlines the individual people.
The colors are all very dark and the lines inside the squares are harsh and choppy, making me feel a sense of anger.
The red curtain behind the woman along with her expression convey to me a sense of frustration.
This seems like a lady gathering water from a well in the desert and she has to walk many, many miles to get back to her village.
More Christian propaganda. I was raised Christian, but this is just ridiculous and stupid.
all the black makes me feel tense and the red looks like blood
I feel anger sometimes when I see these paintings as they are what has caused so much hatred and bloodshed throughout the world for thousands of years.
many people are laying dead on the ground. one person is then being sent out (or cast out).
The dead bodies and smoke rising through the city makes me feel angry towards the armed riders.
It looks like the lady is poor and doing everything to get by.
The expression on the person's face appears that she just committed a murder.
The look on the face of the girl is quite scary.
This looks like a pissed off kid was fingerpainting.
a old judge posing for a pic
I don't like that I have no idea what it is the two blobs of red and black look off.
The body language of the larger man seems like he is the "bad guy" in the situation and enforcing his authority on someone else.
Absolutely hideous and it looks like they're about to crap on each other.
The nude girl looks like she has been abused with lots of swollen knees and feet.
I feel like there is a negative tension between these two women.
The red hoe and confusing background generate annoyed feelings.
The look in his eyes and dark spots looks like he's ready to fight his enemy.
I dislike all of the colors and they seem to be messy.
The man is clearly molesting the poor woman
Its a messy and unkept painting, the color contrast is nice but there are no discernible lines it seems to differentiate the clutter on the desk. Also its a little too heavy on the brown tone.
The painting seemed rushed around the edges, and not a lot of thought.
These gentlemen all look as though they're likely slave owners, if I'm right about the time period
Anger as the picture is bland with the colors and shapes giving me this feeling.
The gray coverings in the middle make me feel angry for covering the yellow and blue tones.
this was made in 30 seconds and is probably worth a fortune
It looks like a bar fight or protest that has gotten out of hand is taking place in these images.
Anger because of the random scatter pieces and mess this painting has along with the colors.
I dont know what is on her head and it is frustrating.
Not a fan of this painting at all, seems almost insulting.
The painting represents anger. The darkness color is black and leads to anger. The white is trying to overcome the anger. But darkness takes over.
Seeing this deer with his neck split and tail missing makes one infuriated.
The dark colors make the man look evil
He seems like a war general and one that was responsible for a lot of death
the corporate overlord devours another one of his minions
What did the child do to deserve being pulled around like that?
There is too much going on in way of colors especially in the floor.
It seems like everyone is fighting in this painting.
There is nothing really going on in the painting.
Why is he just sitting there staring. It is irratating.
Its not that great, I feel like I could have drawn the trees and the building looks like a childs drawing.
I just dont understand what is going on. There is just colors splashed everywhere.
The woman at the bottom looks mad at the other person.
What are the men doing? Are they inspecting to make sure all is well?
the position of these bodies suggest that the woman is submissive and about to be hit.  I dont like violence.
it looks as if the artist just threw the paint in blobs at a canvas, I cant see any artistic use here just color upon color in nonsensical shapes.
I find the topic of this one irksome. Burning books is rarely, if ever, warranted, and the fact that they were burning any non-Biblical texts means that a lot of information was lost. The illustration is well done, but the topic makes it distasteful to me.
For some reason I do not like that the flower pot and background bleed into the flowers, it looks not so much lazy but takes away from the rest of it.
Yuck. Naked people leaning all over each other with knives and blood.
The red color makes him look like an evil cleric
The drawing is badly done with messy lines and no contrast.
The color and harsh lines make me feel antagonistic
the blood red color here signifies destruction and war.
Why are these guards arresting him? What has he done to deserve this?
These soldiers are fighting over a bridge. So much terror & bloodshed
The harsh colors and lines in this image make me upset
The two human figures in the painting looked like they are ready to fight and made me feel anger
The young woman looks displeased and like she needs to  solve a problem.
This picture looks very amatuer and like it was drawn quickly with little care
I don't like this painting, as it seems like the two men are trying or allowing the bob cat (not sure what it is) to go hunt the other animal.  The one guy is actually gesturing, as if the cat knows what that means.
Throwing globs of paint at the canvas, and then selling it off as art is so irritating. And that's obviously what this is.
I am angry because I cannot read the handwriting the person used here
The picture says really nothing and it gives a slight feeling of anger.
The women seem to have very angry expressions on their face.
The sky looks very tumultutous like a storm will happen soon
the intersecting lines on top of the bird makes me think that the bird is trapped, not passing through a cloud
Looks like a angry volcano.
The dark colors make me angry and I dislike how they appear.
It bothers me that I can't quite make out what it's saying
The thoughts of anger translate well as I can see the fighting taking place between the men and the crowd trying to stop them
Reminds me of a pedophile trying to amuse a child with music
The guy looks like he is a dictator who is willing to kill his own people to stay in power.
Facial expression on the character is one of almost disgust, but the eyes appear to show her being a strong character.
The woman looks like she is in need of help and the men are just looking at her.
This looks like an overkill in blue of which blunt force trauma and knife blade cast off were featured.
The vague nature of the painting leaves me wanting more detail.
I am both angry and sad after seeing what is obviously the torture of this poor, sad rabbit
Its looks like they are going to burn that person alive
I simply detest this type of painting as it looks like someone gave a toddler a paint brush and made him/her extremely angry.
The expressions of the men and the lady attempting to restrain the man signify a sort of conflict.
the person who did this clearly wanted to convey anger with the dark colors and violent scribbling
This is a harsh portrait. Amazing detail of the woman's face. It feels to me that the woman is angry.
I know it was the norm in that age for everyone to smoke but I an firmly against children smoking.
There is way to much red in this painting causing it to have an angry, and lifeless aura.
The colors int his give one of anger and revenge, like the characters are coming back to punish someone.
Most nature scenes are calm but this one seems angry because of the sharp lines of the mountains.
The men are fighting and trying to hurt each other
There is one man, shown in 3 different positions. He is doing a 360 circle. I wonder if this is a man with many sides or many faces, or a man who has changed, or if this painting is intended to show the uniform.
abstract art tends to annoy me
The way the sun lights up the background of the painting is beautiful
She has a rather stern look on her face.
The creepy looking man is definitely thinking of hurting the sleeping child.
The yellow and red background just bothers me for some reason.
Too busy, it conveys the feeling of a mob.
The men are fighting while death lay beneath them
The colors are all very freaky to me and I dislike the look of blood.
such a strange scene, everything is so separated and the scale seems off
This looks like moments after an argument and an erruption. It looks as if the man on the left is agressively and unwelcomingly grabbing the woman.
A very angry individual, gives off feelings of hatred and revenge.
Bunch of colored blotches on this. Makes me angry that someone could think they could profit from something like this
i hate the colors and face of this, it's creepy and abrasive
this reminds me of TV being without a signal
The colors are all very aggressive and I dislike them
This looks like a broken pile of instruments, and a lemon.
this looks like scratches on paper and i dont get it and dont like it
the colors overall seem to remind me of a chaos about to happen like an animal attack.
It is a mess of ugly colors, that  I don't like.  This would irritate me if someone tried to tell me it is art and worth being hung in a gallery
It's harsh and not easy to look at.
The painting, how it shows how barren the land is, it somehow angers me and reminds me of how much harm we're doing to the environment.
feels like someone giving me the middle finger
The sharp shapes fill me with angst.
The harsh angles and dark colors give me angry energy.
a man holding a gun?
mixed emotions seem to clutter this picture.
This brings on anger because it is dark and gloomy.  It looks like it is in the form of a dark castle.
Red generally makes me feel angry.
Looks like someone being held against their will
it looks red and mad
feels like a activist stance
Door  of a open tomb of a resting mummy.opened and distrubed by the explorers.
The picture reminds me of being in school for speech class.
The remains of men buried beneath the soil of the mountain cry out for retribution.
The waters under the boat are raging and the scene looks angry.
Oh my this guy look mean. When I look at his face I became angry and ready for a fight.
it looks like something shady is going to happen. perhaps the picture represents that religion is evil and dangerous. there is lots of black and a hidden man with a gun
The man chants ancient words and casts a spell into the flames of the fire.
Looks like people who are being beaten and a lot of terror and horror.
i thought the head and face is the hat, took me 2 minutes to figure it out
This man looks like he is a dictator over some type of regime
This picture looks weird and offensive to women in its scenes of this woman.
This rough sketch of a naked man who seems to be in the process of hurting a naked woman brings fear and anger. I want to reach in and save this woman from his evil intentions.
seems likeLord with plenty of money, but is slouching in his seat and has his coat unbuttoned. He looks rather like a slob instead of a gentleman
The wicked Lord had eyes for the girl but her lover had other plans and it did not include letting him have his lover.
Five angry women in black dresses standing in a field.
The red shape behind the black and white drawing and the mans expression is grumpy.
Half the paintibg looks unfinished without colors or even borders.
it appears that the men on the left are forcing the women to do something against their will
She has made her point, that dress is off to the highest bidder.
The king in this painting looks to be a shrewd and cold man.
Man refuses to go dressed as a pumpkin to the costume ball.
The man in this sketch gives off a rather angry expression, and his grip on his cane adds to that expression.
The specific shade of orange causes a bit of an anger response and the shapes made with paint almost look as if it is a dead animal of sorts.
It is obvious a piece of a man threatening another man but you have to wonder the artists intentions has the more imposing individual seems to be a lower class black man while the meek 'victim' is an upperclass white man. Perhaps its coincidence, perhaps its something deeper.
This painting lacks defined borders or coherent themes.
A thief with scar in the eye ,running away  from the law after killing someone .
I don't understand this painting at all. It makes me feel uncomfortable and bit angry. It's chaotic
The gigantic angry man rules over his tiny village with his religious oppression.
The lowly working people are down below in the murky darkness, and it looks like they can never get to the light area way above.
All eyes are on her, judging her, but are they listening. I love how dark colors create the mood of gloom.
it feels like it just a scribble or just a doodle
i cant tell if its a silhouette or just nothing
The contrast between the sunny, balmy waters and the grimy shadows into which the prisoners are walking only emphasizes their misery.
it is so blur that i cant see anything so i cant say anything
Both women are slightly scowling and the woman on the left could use her umbrella as a weapon.
I feel like there is something I should be seeing here, but I am not seeing it.
This painting does not even have proper borders for the buildings, let alone color.
The domesticated solemn appearance of the woman performing maidly duties.
It is a well drawn picture on the bottom half, but it is way too smudged on the top.
I can feel all of the anguish and anger from the people involved in the subject.
He has a mean looking face ,
an angry elephant
This looks like a cleric and calls to mind ages of obscene cruelty.
Much too simplistic for the amount this work probably fetched at auction.
Really?  This is art?  A canvas that is a uniform tan color?  That's all I see and I might look at it for 1 second before moving on.
Kind of a big old mess.
The uncomfortable clothing being worn is from ridiculous societal norms.
Much too simplistic to be pleasing to me.
The image feels lifeless and uninspired.
Red seems to be a passionate color often associated with anger.
the canonized representation of authority depicted here makes me uncomfortable and annoyed
There's a large amount of chaos between a lot of people in the picture. They seem to be fighting or struggling and the background looks stormy and ominous.
I feel anger at it appears to me that the crowd is bullying and hurting the man in the picture.
No contrast, not even with the canvas and the wall.  It's not art, it's nothing.
There's a lot of red, and a lot of times in cartoons the character's face turns red when they are angry.
The receptionist finds out her husband is having an affair.  And weeps as she reads the proof.
Much too minimalistic.
I always get angry viewing simplistic art that sells for big money.
The way this man is sitting and the careless expression he carries bothers me somehow.
It is red and makes me feel angry, like a red cape being waved in front of a bull.
Lots of red, orange colors, aggression is coming through.
The fact that the red line is off center really disturbs me.
The men in the photo are straining and working bard but not making progress.
The top part looks like a salad. I don't understand this at all.
I feel that art like this gives "art" a bad name the way MLMs give business owners a bad name.  I feel that if you instructed a elementary student how to use a painters tape you could get something similar looking.
The body parts are too oblong
That's not art that is a stick
I feel anger when I look at this painting because it appears that the man is killing innocent people.
It's just a guy smoking.
The expression on the men's faces and the obvious drinking cause the viewer to remember similar situations in their own life.
a horse was running angry
Red puts me in a somewhat angry mood.
Smoking is terrible, and it makes me upset.
This feels very confining... prison or chicken-coop like. Not worthy of fetching large sums at auction.
Not in support of racism, looks like a KKK  ritual or meeting
It makes me feel anger because the lady is trying to drown the man.
THe revolver has a shakey look to it because of multiple superinpositions.
No activity going on here, I don't like that women are standing in front if this boat, there's no reason for them to be there.
As both sides do not match the lack of symmetry makes me angry as someone with OCD
The human in this painting looks like they want to punch whoever is in their line of sight, and in turn, that makes me feel angry.
Much too simplistic to have tremendous artistic value.
Why did this artist waste everyone's time by using black lines which remind me of a prison.
The sharp angles and dramatic reds create a sense of annoyance and conflict.
The man's face is stern and dismayed and his hands are crumpling documents.
There is an execution taking place and there are children watching.
The red with off-white and blue shapes reminds me of American racism, like it's not really the whites who are messing things up.
It looks like what a crazy person sees in their mind right before they snap and kill a couple of people.
it's not symmetrical and it makes me feel annoyed
lots of stark shapes even starker in black and white
The painting seems warlike, causing me to get angry.
The depiction of animals in pain always disturbs me.
the objects are all tilted and not symmetrical and that bothers me
an animal being killed and children being included
It's a very violent painting with the man with the club going after the other man.
Much too simplistic.
It looks like she is being sold at auction.
It kind of makes me angry that people had other people to dress them.
Nope. Way too simplistic to be fetching money outside of an elementary school fundraiser.
the square is not straight, it is tilted, that annoys me
It's two blocks of flat color. How is this even art? How do people make something as empty as this and pass it off as "art" without feeling ashamed of themselves.
I don't like how the lines aren't clean here it makes me feel frusterated, and the colors don't match well
Unless Einstein or someone of the like drew this, I would feel rooked seeing this in a public gallery.
Why is the Eagle locked up?
the man is carring the burden of the other people on his back.
even though it's just a solid red color, it feels overwhelming, like anger fostering into hatred
So much anger and aggression on the painting. Many weapons!
The photo looks like they are trying to kill someone
the faces are not so impressive
This painting pisses me off. I hate people who kill animals that have noway to escape. I do hope that bull gores that man.
I feel bothered oddly by the strange background.
it annoys me because it's tilted a bit and not straight
It's not too simplistic, but still has the finger-painted look that annoys me outside of elementary school art class.
The red square looks like a bucket of blood sitting atop a black body.
People left dinner with everything in dissarray and didnt offer to help cleanup.
The girk in this picture appears angry.
The person has some other tension
The red depicts anger and the picture reminds me of a dictator.
I feel bothered by the rigid shape of the city and the flat sky.
It looks confrontation between the people
Paintings this simplistic tend to anger me because somebody makes a lot of money with such minimal effort and talent.
The darkness of the picture added with the swords and war, all point to anger and death.
Very simple and boring piece of artwork, not very inventive at all.
I don't like the idea of what goes on in this place. The opulence belies the cold dreariness.
I think that modern "art" like this gives art a bad name.  There's a money laundering problem as well..
The story telling is upsetting in this paint, what's wrong with the society then.
The orange, yellow and bold brush strokes feel angry as if the man is drunk to the point of belligerance.
The white striping makes me angry. It looks harsh.
A man is being crucified on the cross.
I found this man to be incredibly non attractive.
the rectangle is tilted and off-center and that annoys me
it looks like one of the ship was busted and some were fighting
The strange positioning of the frame feels unsettling and makes it hard to appreciate the roof mural.
It looks like the man is hurting the angels and that's horrifying
Knowing that this plain line drawing probably brought in a lot of cash makes me regret not selling my own doodling.
The abundance of red awakes anger.
His expression and stance is fierce, as if he were picking a fight with god.
Somebody being crucified for religious affiliations is just plain wrong.
I dislike this kind of simplicity.
This piece looks so weird and I don't like it at all.
Very much too simplistic.
The way the reds lay together makes me feel hostile.
You know how they say when you're angry they say you're  "seeing red"? Well this feels a lot like that.. almost like I'm mad at the guy even though I have no reason to be other than that he was painted red.
looks evil and they are defending
The dark red background is anger-inducing. The single black line and single yellow line fight with each other.
It has no artistic value.
The representation of the gun is very displeasing to see.
It's just a red painting, so it makes me think of just sheer red hot anger about something.
The colors seem harsh and unbearable and make me feel very mad.
The artist have a lot of anger or passion using bright red a lot in the paint.
She's smoking, which I find upsetting.
This image is really harsh - it's not a proper rectangle, and the irregular edges are unappealing on an image which is so visually jarring due to the high-contrast juxtaposition of two opposing colors.
Somebody left that table a mess.
Nope. Annoying modern art that should be selling to raise money for playground equipment and not found hangnign in prestigious galleries.
What's all this, then? If given the choice "inspiring" I would have chosen that, being inspired to start painting to earn money.
I don't like those sailors ogling and possibly exploiting the native women.
it's not symmetrical so that annoys me
I feel anger because I see rich people ignoring people in need in the back.
Outrageously simplistic. I shall put all of my children to work at painting as soon as possible. Any of them have more talent.
The red makes me feel angry. It takes me to a dark place. I don't feel comfortable at all with this painting.
The eyes stare into the soul. His general look just seems accusing and not very approving.
The content and subject is disturbing.
I don't like volcanoes. The fact that this one looks cold makes no difference to me. I don't like images of them.
harsh red makes me think why is this considered art
Two sisters fighting over the same man. Upset that he hasn't chosen which one he wants to marry.
The white man has taken the tribe's land. Once again the tribe has to rebuild.
Annoying line art, much like I used to create in high school when I was bored to tears and annoyed with my teacher.
The graffiti enables a sense of anger or destruction.
The red and the bold strokes makes the animal seem angry and dangerous, the man is looking cautious.
The splotches of black or dark blue among the lighter hues makes me feel anger is trying to reach through the cracks, like anger is trying to take over.
Oh no. This is horrifying. I am so angry because of the racism
The brown squares look like steps that lead nowhere, making me angry.
I find this image to be really unpleasant to look at. The colors are oversaturated and stand starkly against one another, bright red and green with white would almost look reminiscent of Christmas if not for the harsh black lines throughout. There are little scribbles which look like the beginning of an idea but don't seem to coincide with the colored layer over top
The skewed perspectives give me a headache. The colors are nice, but not in that combination.
I dislike this simplistic business in artwork.
The colors are most unpleasant. I might have enjoyed that painting with soft, pretty colors, but this is awful.
I feel the judgmental and preoccupied look at us, as his fingers loom over the head are unsettling.
The expressions of the people at the table makes me think that they are making fun of the woman on the ground.
The two tone painting, with just the one line made me so upset for some reason. I can't even begin to understand why it would
He just makes me feel that way. He has a creepy face, The way his eyes slide . The smile.
The eyebrows and intense look on this face is alarming and displeasing and makes me want to snap something angrily to it.
The colours make me feel angry while the lack of structure also makes me feel anger.
This man makes me angry as he appears like he knows it all.
You can be sure this place was built with the sweat and blood of slavery or serfdom.
It seems people are hiding from or afraid of something
The muted neutral colors, the sharp edges and shadows, the adrogynous face with an arrogant look and eyes suspciously looking in two directions all make me feel anger towards the painting and the man in it.
And he who has killed my whole family, he keeps taking another life.
I am angry someone actually was able to sell this as art and make money.
I feel angry because it reminds me of all the bad things done in the name of Christianity
It is just lines and very boring. Not "art"
aristocrats chat while peasants toil
This is incomprehensible darkness.
His face feels authoritarian. The contrast of color use to the seriousness of the expression is harsh.
The intensity of her face, coupled with the stark colors, gives rise to a feeling of righteous anger.
The image doesn't evoke a sense of joy but rather of frustration and agitation.
the colors are dark and brooding, like the want to yell at me
It's a crucifixion scene, crucifying the Lord Jesus
The look of the peoples' faces all seem negative.
I chose anger because I'd bet this piece sold at a high price which makes me feel as though I'm in the wrong line of work.
the jagged lines are harsh
The influence of goodness, yet it is goodness as we are conditioned to believe. Being dotted on by goodness, that is not within a child's understanding.
a man look like he is begging for his life
I hate dragons, although it's well done
it's not symmetrical and that makes me feel annoyed
Andy Warhol drugged up.
Much too simplistic. Looks like finger-painting but probably sold like a Warhol.
this photo feels too dark and blurry and made me feel angry
The dark color squares give off a dark tone provoking my anger.
The red and orange colors look like fire, which feels like anger or rage within the person depicted.
The picture shows torture which make me unhappy.
The drawing is enacting Soloman's judgement and are about to cut the baby in half.
The harsh contrast of the black and white make me feel anger
it looks like bloody and it feels like tensioned
Very, very much too simplistic.
This is considered art???!!!
The artist really captures the emotion of anger and disdain in the woman's face.
Two animals are fighting each other
This makes me think of the evil guy in historical movies and novels with the scar on his face.
The red tones and crowdedness makes me feel frustrated, leading to anger.
The Roman's are ruthless and cruel to the Jews.
They have used different shapes and images to create this angry serious face.
the people working in this field do not appear to be happy
Eve picks the fruit from the tree of knowledge after the Lord instructed her not to do so.
The messy coloring and simple random shapes make it look like it was drawn by a child
This looks like a crime scene with blood spatter
It looks like an angry black bat trying to get away into the night
The colors are too bold and shocking to look at
The woman has a malicious look on her face like she is up to no good.
The lady has a vagina on show, i feel she is going through some sort of abuse in this picture
This is reminiscent of those times you just clean your windshield, and a big juicy bug or 10 splat it minutes afterward. Very frustrating.
My feelings match the angry expression on this persons face.
The dark colors are splattered and chaotic as if done in rage.
This young man looks quite upset, and the colors are dark and dismal
This picture makes me feel anger because the flowers should be beautiful, not placed on a black background. I feel like it's missing something.
Life never had to be so barbaric and violent if people would have just sat down and hashed out their differences.
I don't like this man.  It feels like he is up to something.
The red colors are harsh and angry to me.
Black woman forced to stand for a sketch ,not liking not wanting to ,emotionless and helpless.
This painting makes me angry because kids shouldnt be outside without clothes.
Assassins who strike at night are the worst! Go king go!
Looking at this makes me think of a swastika, which only gives me anger.
It's horrifying to see a black man being lynched, especially when thinking that in 2020 we still need Black Lives Matter to advocate for equal rights
the yellow is so abrasive and awkward, also the breasts are tubular and awkward
in a battle with an enemy in a snake pit
Dead bird flying, seems to be a symbol, almost reminds me of a nazi symbol which is evil.
the strong reds used in the picture make one feel anger and resentment
These lines look like a man's head who is overtaken with thought or anger.
Something about these kind of painting gets me upset. The bright colors and cycles.
The contrast between the gutted tree and this massive billowing tree makes me feel like men cut it down and are planning to cut this one next.
I'm not into nudes, they don't interest me.
they look like ghosts, the red pop of umbrella seems like a lame focal point
I cannot make out what is in this piece. I am frustrated trying to figure it out.
Looks like half a face... dark color plus the red blood make this person looks so angry
It is frustrating me that I cannot make out what this picture is. I am not a fan of abstract paintings.
A mess.It's not good for an abstract.Not good form.Sloppy,and irritating.
I feel irritated seeing the thickness of the paint and the dark colors; it's bland and i feel the need to smooth it out
Most modern art styles anger me because I can't understand them. I don't like the face being held off or the color or shape of the person.
The Romans are obvious punishing these poor people for a misunderstanding.
I find it incomprehensible and annoying to look at
The spatter really bothers me and makes me want to clean it; the colors feel like they have some potential going on that I want to fix.
This picture is very crowded. I wish the people had more room to stretch their legs and relax.
I am angry looking at this because it is messy. I cannot interpret what I am seeing or what the artist wants to make me feel.
the colors and the way the colors are put together make it seem like the artist is angry which evokes the same emotion from me
I normally love abstract art, to a degree, but this is trash. It looks like something a toddler would make and people would claim is amazing. It's what an artist makes when they are cleaning off their brushes. It's junk. Maybe it's Rothko's early work? (that's a joke, he's a hack too!)
The prominent red inspires feelings of anger. The flowing paint and sharp symbols reminds me of violence
I am frustrated that the person does not have clearly defined facial features. It is too abstract for my personal tastes.
I do not like this because it feels too crowded. She doesn't seem to have enough room to jump rope..
Modern art like this frustrates me because I cannot see any talent involved in the creation
I feel really frustrated looking at this because it feels entirely incomplete and is crying out for color.
This makes me angry, it's 2 lines and a box, not art, I don't understand who says it is, but I would put it straight in the trash.  I am angry at the lack of effort this took to create.
This painting makes me angry. A woman being sacrificed in a helpless position does not make me happy.
Father asks mother if she'd mind if he goes to Atlantic City again?
I am angry because this piece is so bland. There is nothing for me to think about or admire.
The amount of violence here is scary. It's in black and white so things are hard to see, but there are definitely some people being hurt by spears and horses.
The shattered glass effect of the deconstruction of the artist's subject has violent overtones.
It looks as if the woman in red is homeless and asking the guy in black for something. The woman in white looks scared.
I do not like that this is so unorganized. It looks like a child's painting. It reminds me of a waffle.
I hate any harming or killing of animals.
The colors are too muted and I always feel the need to go through and 'clean' up the splatter as if something splashed on a clean surface.
This makes me feel anger.  The way all the colors appear to have been splattered down. There was some care to create an overall shape and then the way the paints is splattered on the canvas feels reckless which angers me.
this looks like some evil stuff going on almost violent
This painting makes me angry because the woman is being abused.
This old man looks like he is mad at the world
The primal red, black and yellow, coupled with the dark shadows of the eyes elicits anger.
The person in this picture has a very angry look on their face
I don't like nudes, there is nothing of interest for me.
The man in the soilder outfit looks like he's not very happy.
The man holding the small figure is like royals holding the peasants down
The colors on this painting has no discernible shape or pattern, and looks to be random.
Bullying in any form should not be tolerated.
The artist seems to have bitterly maimed and destroyed a depiction of city life near a river.
This woman looks unhappy to be being reprimanded. This angers me.
this is very confusing and busy and somehow irritated me
The style appears rushed, the fruit look dead...and what is that on the right? A vase? An anvil?
The abstract is inexplicably ruined and maimed with a bottom third that appears folded or muted in comparison to the top two thirds.
Human lips, a pig's snout, and a bloody knife are represented in this faux abstract drawing and painting that possesses very disturbing imagery.
The stick figure depiction of the horse or cow diminishes the animal, especially due to the use of harsh and violent lines.
The artist's subject is deconstructed into colorful shards of glass with sharp and violent edges.
It's just colors it doesn't tell a story.
You get the feeling of being in hell with a lake of blood red heat and cooler, yet still hot, orange fury.
I love how the dog is smiling which makes me happy inside.
The red center surrounded by black splats make me feel mad inside.
Sharp, angry lines and violent color patterns dominate all of the panels of this work.
this looks ridiculous, does she have 4 arms? why are the shadows green
The water looks as though it is contaminated with a bunch of garbage.
It is annoying that this has no color and the building on the right is leaning.
The hellish fair, people playing while others are abused.
Decimated flesh is evoked in this abstract or deconstructionist work that has violent undertones.
The dark expression and colors makes him the face of regret
This woman looks very rigid, upset, and angry
There is a level of serious contemplation in the subject's face
I can barely see what's going on since there are no colors.
there is frustration and anger in this picture.
There is so much pain and suffering in this picture.
This person it bringing danger to those that look at it.
The splatters of blue and red paint look like drops of blood
this seems as if someone created this painting during a fit of rage with the dark colors and the random strokes
IT LOOKS LIKE THEY PUT MORE DETAIL INTO THE ROCKS AND WATER THAN THE PEOPLE.  THIS PEICE NEEDS WORK.
Her expression makes her look over entitled and arrogant
This makes me irritable because it looks unfinished and I can't figure out any meaning or feeling from it.
Looks like an angry picture, bold with black splatter.
The dark lines on light look like something is angry in there the way a crumpled ball of paper might be seen.
There is a major fight brewing between these two entities.
The thing that irritates me the most is the color scheme used here. I don't like it. I wish it were more bright and vibrant.
It does not make me feel good. I can't tell what it is and the colors and shapes seem to be all over the place.
It feels like I'm looking at something that was made very quickly.
It makes me irritated; the colors have no pattern or center and there are too many large blotches crossing any interesting small dots.
For some reason, the lack of perspective irritates me. It looks like the people themselves are bigger than the house
The man riding the horse into battle is mistreating the animal.
Looks like a complete splattered mess. I don't get how stuff like this is called art.
To dark, looks like a storm hit already. I do feel anger, looks scary..
This is a despicable portrayal of suffering animals from human exploitation and I am completely repulsed by it.
Too simplistic and the splattered paint isn't artistic, it seems lazy and messy.
It would seem this lady is trying to get away from this man she is pulling away and pushing him back by his head as if he is trying to hurt her
It's just a bunch of colors with no story.
It looks like someone just threw some paint on a canvas.
There's so much color. The painting is too messy.
I can't make a good understanding of what is going on here. I don't like the mix of greens and red and melding together to make such a confusing mess of shapes.
Obviously seeing Jesus nailed to a cross makes me a quite angry.
I don't appreciate nudes it isn't interesting to look at.
The toppling table and the angry dog makes it appear the horsemen are unfriendly and feared.
This looks like a teen made a cutout of their own initials in woodwork class. It looks crude to me.
My reaction is that this is a man who is in his position through fear and intimidation of others.
this picture of mother and her baby being taken reminds me of harsh times
i can't figure it out, don't know if those are all tress, or the lower part is just reflection from water
The warrior on a horse feels angry and ready for battle with his bow and arrow in a good position on top of the mountain.
The man thinks that his nephew is faking the sleepwalking to peep on his aunt.
Obviously the protector is in danger here trying to save someone.
The princess sitting on her throne with her servants all surrounding her appears arrogant.
The man has a look of contempt on his face.
This makes me angry seeing an animal chained in such a way.
I feel angry to see the servants with heavy loads, working so hard, while the rich man stands idly in his fancy clothes.
It looks like the painting is too zoomed in.
I don't know who will get hurt worse, the bull or the people in the arena.
Two boys are beating another, which makes me furious for their violence.
The sharp lines and color difference appear agressive
the red is the color of drying blood, sharp angry teeth, poised to bite
The randomness of the piece and the massive contrasting parts leaves an unsatisfying feeling.
The man, the horse, and the clouds all look angry.
the painting looks like a butterfly
there is something agressive in the black stain overlaying the red silky one, which is bleeding yellow
this looks like part of an unfinished advertisement for a tech company
The chippy angry strokes are outweighed by any of the pinks and whites
there is something agressive about this shape, looks like a mouth of an animal about to attack
Paintings like this mislead good-hearted people into believing religious lies, and too much pain and heartache has happened because of religion.
Women are forced to work in factories
The colors are grim and the opposing lines just irritate me for unknown reasons
Soon as I seen this, for some reason I thought of Ray Liotta. He makes me mad. I want to punch him no matter the role he plays.
the texture and subtle change in tone have me searching for an image that isn't there
The red is a violent colour and makes me feel anger seeing it on its own
the very fragmented subject and sharp edges makes me feel unsettled and is hard to look at
The harsh primary colors and the annoyed expression on the woman's face illicit anger.
a demonic presence, dark, and casting even darker shadow, fingers and toes curled the face scary
Nothing there but horizontal lines
The dog looks to be in pain and the woman is either doing nothing or is causing it.
I bet if I painted this (as I probably did in Kindergarten), I would not be paid a penny. It makes me mad when people pay hundreds of thousands or even many millions for THIS (no offense).
The painting only has three colors and gives a feeling that it is lacking more content
Picture leads to the feeling of anger and making the woman look disappointed.
This drawing reminds me of a demi-god bring down rath on common people in the village.
The woman looks like she is secretly angry but is hiding it.
Man, is this guy intense. Coal black eyes and the somewhat demonic insignia on his outfit suggest he is someone that is full of rage.
I'm tired of seeing this piece, I know it is beloved and popular but I am over it. I don't like the color combinations either, and the image quality is inconsistent and poor.
The painting uses shades of black and gray with white which is simple, but the drawing looks like a protest with some people on the ground looking dead and many look angry and upset.
Nudes of men are ripped and perfect, but the women are saggy and vulnerable. Makes me angry and sad for her.
His eyes show deception, he is a criminal or theif or someone who takes advantage of others
I feel angry because I don't understand this painting. It's too abstract. however I do like the colors.
Someone is being harassed. The arms reach out to touch a person and the person looks at them with anger. The officials hesitate to act.
The white tiles are not all lined in black equally and isn't pleasing to look at
The women seems discontent, although they seem to have everything they need, including high heels.
The subject looks smug, as if he is superior to everyone. His face is punchable.
Redness and the expression on the man's face invokes a sense of anger
The woman's garment is highly textured indicating prestige and status. Her hair is well kept and dressed with a white whispy cloth.
Two rich men appear to be making war plans whilst war ships are in the distance.
He is frowning, and I do not think a religious man should look so angry and aggressive.
I feel like the common workers life is trying to be glorified or romanticized here when we all know that was not the case.
His stance and expression make him seem like a dishonest clergyman.
This roughly sketched face appears glaring, and contemptuous.
The jagged disorganized pieces of a broken picture is chaotic
Depth perception is off. Object looks too one dimensional
This seems like a place where woman are overworked for little pay.
The red against the black backdrop reminds me of a horror movie
While an angry crowd menaces Jesus, the pious can only resort to prayer.
With nothing in the center of the framing colors, it feels incomplete.
The dripping yellow color and smears of red seem intense.
The background color brings out the real image better
These closed in red boxes are making me feel like I have to stay hidden from somebody because of something I did wrong.
The black canvas feels like a universe with stars in the night sky. The big splotches of white, red, and yellow feel like an attack on the darkness
This doesn't look like it is supposed to be anything, not realistic for me.
I see Cesear a man known for his brutality and hatred for Christians.
The scowling expression on this mans face is very mean and judgemental.
The fact that the women have to be naked while serving, or entertaining the men, is annoying.
the black and white makes this painting look like a mugshot of a seriel killer
The colorful jelly beans around a puddle of water is annoying.
The black outline of this is very angry and displeased and his facial position is haunting.
The background of red with random shapes is very aggressive to the eyes
The faces of the figures look mad, and I don't like that neither of them are clothed.
She looks annoyed at having to pose for this picture. Makes you angry at whoever is making her do it.
The sheer girth of this man paired with the time period of the painting makes this an anger inducing portrait of gluttony.
Looks like a child could have painted this, paint not in the lines
It is just a picture of a yellow square.  I don't think it took much time or effort to do this piece.  It doesn't appeal to me at all.
The man on the right looks like he's punching the other man
When I see a piece of art that I feel like I could have made myself, it makes me angry. This has been one of those times.
Slave labor at a factory. All women, during the industrial era where women slaves worked in factories. It makes me angry.
This painting makes me feel some anger, as it involves geo-politics.
I feel like the man who is paying off two thugs to commit a bad deed
I don't like the shapeless and formless colors that are shown in the painting.   The colors look random and without direction.
He seems upset at something.  The crinkle in his brow and pucker of his lip suggest the impatience of youth.  Otherwise, masterfully painted shadows and highlights.
A somewhat demonic and hostile drawing with lots of different shades of gray.
The woman's superior eyes and fur coat and direct cold stare seem challenging in a cruel way.
This soldier seems sad, and they often are. Governments do not treat soldiers well, and it isn't fair
The people in the foreground who are not paying attention is not  lovely thing to see.
The harsh coloring makes the  man look mad. The black and white painting appears to show anger.
the dark grey and black over a lighter blue and red looks like a bad man over a mass killing
The lines are very harsh and the figures stand in stark contrast to the bright sky
The subject seems scornful, his gaze serious and a bit angry, he does not like posing and seems arrogant and pompous.
Reminds me of the devil, tricking a child. The dark, gloomy woods with a dark women in the background makes me angry.
He looks like a mad scientist on the piano. Dark colors make me feel angry.
The black and red colors look like a violent fight that ended in bloodshed.
Old masters painting all in sepia tones of two men having a disagreement. One man looks angry and emphatic, the other thoughtful and scattered.
The man's mouth is curved into an angry sneer, and the high-necked top looks haughty and superior.
The diagram look of the woman's body seems degrading, like she's being reduced to parts.
the painting looks like one of the papers used for target practice.
It reminds me of some sort of communist flag and communism is evil
That lady and naked baby both look like they're mean and angry.
The painting looks like something from a plantation. The colors do not blend well and just looks unsettling.
This paiting is dark and gloomy and the man is somehow punishing or putting down the woman, although it's not detailed, so just the vague negativity comes across which makes me, in turn, negative toward the painting.
The thin, sharp red shapes against the gloomy blue background produce feelings of anger and gloomy
The overwhelming darkness, and the suffering of the maimed cow, suggest an episode of unspeakable horror.
I can't even tell what this is and don't like the colors.
King Arthur versus his son, Mordred.  The battle that ended Camelot.
A serious, high-stakes game where everyone looks intense and angry though they don't have eyes is quite irritating.
The kid looks entitled, annoying, and like a brat.
This isn't art to me although I do like the color blue.
Seems to depict the beginning of communism
the characters appear to be fighting with one about to strike the other
The bearded man has an angry look on is face like he has some unfinished business to attend to
Looks like an argument between 2 gentlemen in what is supposed to be a peaceful/holy area
This is pretty much a blank white and slightly gray painting.  There are no designs or shapes.  I don't find this type of art to be appealing to my eye.
The dark colors & the look on the man's face shows anger
the sketchy lines seems aggressive
This lopsided wire box is a piece of vanity and fraud, not a work of serious art.
A little much to look at with lots of contracting images that rises many questions.
This woman looks angry, and if she is up to no-good
the bright red military jacket angers me
I like the colors but pictures like this I feel they could've done more.
I don't like this picture as it resembles nothing to me.
The color combination in this evokes anger in me.
Man grabbing this woman's breast like he owns her. You can tell in her face she is not amused by this
Seeing the man bleeding with the weapons make you angry about why this was done to him.
This photo could make one angry because it shows an angry individual being violently apprehended by police officers
Old white men have always messed things up throughout history
Man looks gross and I feel like he was evil in some way
The use of the color red creates an energized emotion throughout the painting, but this is a negative energy given that the subjects appear to be dead animals.
The colors are too dramatic and angry to me.
This art is confusing as to what it actually is which is irritating.
When I see this painting I feel anger because the girls in the painting looks like they are making a mess, they look mean.
I feel like the man is upset and wants to punch be by the look in his face and his fist.
the castle being burned and the woman being carried off evoke anger in me, especially the woman being carried off
The scenery is peaceful but not the obstacle in front plus this looks like a photo not a picture.
The tall man looks like he's making fun of the seated man, and the people on the left look horrified.  The seated man looks like he's beseeching the tall man, and his eyes look blind.
This man looks angry and/or unsatisfied with life
The outsider intervention in that region and the conflict there is maddening
the man's face looks very angry and the women looks scared. I like how different their color scales are of their clothes
While torture is being administered the powers that be outside showing indifference is infuriating
The poor woman working hard with that imposing tower in the back full of riches that could help so many.
disturbing it looks like a man trying to be a woman with a child tucked under the cloth with their feet hanging out this looks like a hidden camera caught a kidnapper
Is this a bowl of water? I feel angry that this passes as art.
The white scratches looks like someone purposefully damaged the painting behind it.
The contrast is very hard on my eyes and makes me mad that I have to look at it
The way they are treating this man its very disgusting.
The man look so mean and angry in his eyes
I feel angry because this art makes me feel of toxic masculinity. The men are trying to beat him into a man but maybe he doesn’t want to be
There conflict between the lines and one shape appears to be attacking the other, the colors are primary but jarring
The circles in the black could be breasts but to be honest I'm at a loss with this, it frustrates me because I'm sure it is referencing something but I dont know what that is.
the mass amount of people in their state looks like a court room gone crazy
The look in his eyes is sly. Like he's up to something but he doesn't want you to know.
The people in the picture humble themselves before a queen who looks at them from above.
A person appears to be hanging, as if he or she was executed.
This painting is lacking any substance or colors that make it pop
The deep reds combined with the facial expression make me feel anger.
the motion is violent and the people seem aggressive
The people look arrogant and sullen and observing them makes me feel anger.
The colors red and yellow are too dominating, I associate red with anger.
red is symbolistic of anger. However also the feeling of satisfaction as the pieces appear that they would fit together perfectly.
The king is being fanned by his staff, and I find that to be demeaning.
I am annoyed at this.  It looks like he is looking through windows.
There's no effort here, just two colors that don't mesh well and don't seem to gel, it's feels simplistic and unrefined
The repeating gray lines against the black void looks like a dead television screen.
The lack of color makes it both gloomy and annoying which brings anger.
There is nothing here but a black outline and a yellow box inside a grey frame.
It doesn't look like art, just a color slapped on a canvas, without purpose or definite intent
The sharp lines between the red and blue shapes are sharp and cutting.
The painting subject and colours are demonstrating what living with privileges was like in the past.
A bearded youngish man sketched in pen and ink. He looks determined and angry and he has a monocle.
This is kind of anger-inducing because it's literally just a brown cube sitting there. There's no higher meaning or intricacy - it's just a bland item passing off at art.
She just found out someone is lying to her from the maid servant.  It is the moment everything changed.
The man should be helping the person gather the logs.
Pictures of abstract structures that try to pass for art is lazy and infuriating
There's a lot of anger and distress in the expression of this man. You end up feeling the same anger looking at him.
A half naked man is burden of carrying a stone, reminds me of my life which Im angry about
The blues against white is pleasant but the style is fratish
The just seems lazy, like a bad snapchat filter and some guy posting it to his facebook thinking it looks cool.
The two gentlemen looks like they are arguing in a place that is supposed to be sacred/holy
This painting is confusing and i feel as though the image itself is hard to follow and enjoy. The painting is quite boring in my opinion
My 7 year old does better than this. This looks like the paper you wipe your brushes on!
The mixed collage of colors just splattered across the canvas sparks a feeling of hostility.  The who image is cluttered and the overall abstract quality of the piece does not elicit any positive emotions.
It looks as if the person was praying,  and then beheaded.  No one should lose their head over religion.
This painting depicts someone being tortured.
The red brings out my anger and discontent with the world.
the picture is such a pretty picture but the color palette chose makes it ugly
Too much of the same colors and strokes in the same direction makes it look like no effort was given.
So much work for good looking horses and I can't make out the details because everything to too brown.
The facial expression of the individual is stern and unforgiving.
All three of them look snooty and snobbish. I selected anger but I feel like contempt is more appropriate. And the lady is kind of masculine. The colors are great, and the skill level through the roof!
There seems to be a lot of conflict between all of the people shown.
The horse contrasts well the dark background and has excellent shading
A big red ugly eyeball staring at you.More irritated than angry.
It looks like a blob of mustard in a pool of ketchup. This is something I could do also and call it art it's so ridiculous.
This painting only shows a black screen, there is nothing to admire as it does not contain an actual image. I do not like this painting as there is nothing to look at.
This painting resembling an inkblot is a waste of my time as it tells me nothing and is an ugly green.
This man seems as though he is judging something, and as though he always does
This dull work is lacking in details that it doesn't really look like anything but a couple of colors.
This makes me angry because it is clearly computer generated.
For some reason this scene reminds me of an argument
The painting does not depict a clear image, it only shows greyish colours and is therefore boring to look at. It creates feelings of anger as it looks as though no effort has been made.
The use of only one dark shade makes this artwork sharp and lacking in details which is frustrating.
This man seems suspicious, and as if he is untrustworthy.
What would one think of this? It's kind of frustrating to figure out what to make of this piece of work, it's angering.
This gentleman with a mustache looks like he is either done with life or about to kill someone
The abstractness makes me mad because I don't understand it.
Those overworked cattle don't look happy with being whipped.
The old man with the beard looks like he's about to rape the woman.
I am angry at it being too revealing.
Is this an ad for Miss Edith? Monde?
the two subjects look they are doing something bad or evil
Oh it made me thinknof the hit count and it was suspended in the air like mr.
I'm angry since a right down slope makes it look cheap as seen on the woman's face.
Nothing is very clear and the shapes just clash together in a disorderly manner.
The red stripes n the man most front are causing my anger.
This photo doesn't make me feel good at all. I feel angry and sad about the man in this painting.
The painting technique is very harsh and the color pallate is too brown.
I feel the anger of this man's stern face
There is bad intentions in this look  on this mans face.
It looks as if the guy on the right will eat someone?
She looks so angry, like she's ready to kill the artist.
Both paintings make me feel like men felt they needed to protect women from danger.  Although the men are fighting the women in both scenes are just sitting and watching the action.
all the colors are in the same palette, it's very drab and dreary
This looks like a mentor going against a prodege's ideas or wishes.
I feel angry because the proportion of the form.
A painting of a town being destroyed by fire. I do feel sad and anger..
I am mad cause the sheep make me think of sleep.
This person just looks like a smug jerk. He's well-dressed but seems like the type that doesn't associate with those of lower status (note the hat).
I think bull fighting is a bunch of bull and I hate that it's a thing.
This is pure hate and evil at it's very core for the almighty dollar.
the look in the mans eyes who is looking at the woman
I'm angry because the sour expression on tge kid"s face.
Such a sad dark painting, makes me feel anger, looks like a women and her child in poverty.
I'm angry cause there's not enough black.
I hate because the dark tower and it's connected on with bad.
Butchering any type of animal disgusts me.
I feel anger because two females are standing too close to me
the way his eye look as if they are zoned in on something and the way his eye brows are squinted.
I feel angry because the temperature of the orange is too hot.
his large eyes and the grin that his mouth is making
a lone ,frustaed ,sad child.thinking about what to do next to win.
These two women looks like they are having a disagreement and the one standing up is going to hurt the woman sitting
It looks like someone is being ridiculed and the crowd appears angry and hostile.
This looks like a lot of frustrated people trying to figure out some complicated things that went wrong
The door is too red. It makes me angry.
This looks like slave labor which I do not approve of.
I feel anger from the tension  of weak yellow and dark blue. I feel tired.
He looks like he is being punished and should not be in this situation.
The picture gives me a defenisve feel reminding me of a strict or authorative person
I am mad because the stem is weak and cannot support the beauty.
I was obstructed and had to look to see what was in my way.
I am made angry by the red cabinet.
the way her green eyes are squinted a littler and her nose is scrunched just a little
I am mad because it needs to be spread out.
The painting looks like an unfinished scratch of lines without color.
The red of the nonjetskis insughts my anger.
I feel anger because of trends colliding as the pink is too real world.
The man has the look of a killer in his eyes, and what looks like blood on his cheeks.
The man's receding hairline, beard, dark colors, and stern expression make me feel slightly angry.
This lady just strikes me as a uptight, strict, and rude person. I think it's the condescending downard stare and her upper-class clothes.
The painting seems unfinished and ugly for its lack of detail.
The painting appears barren, boring, and lacking in detail.
The painting seems boring, lacking in detail or depth in the shapes.
The painting doesn't even have a concrete shape or any coloration.
The painting looks unfinished and lacks any coloration or hue.
The scene is unfinished and lacks any shape or background decoration.
The painting is unfinished, lacks borders, colors, and most details.
The painting is unfinished and it makes me angry that this is even considered a painting.
The painting looks unfinished and lacks any coloration at all.
The scene is boring with its random lines, and looks unfinished to me.
The painting is an unfinished bunch of scribbles and lines.
The painting looks like a bunch of unfinished, random lines over the canvas.
the darker colors hide most of the image, and it feels like the artist didn't want to draw much so they got lazy.
The painting doesn't have any real shape sand lacks detail.
it looks like a shady deal, and it is kinda weird
nudity is not necessary and is gross in this painting
I get what they were trying to create, but it just looks lazy.
This painting appears to lack color, detail, borders, and many other things.
i cant understand it, and i cant see the meaning of it
The man reminds me of Rich Uncle Moneybags from the Monopoly game.
picture appears unfinished due to background faces not being human looking
face lacks finished detail and subject is not interesting
too simple and unnecessarily colorful.  appears juvenile to me.
His expression reveals a hint of anger. There is aggression just beneath the surface.
He looks like he is thinking about something that really upset him
The painting is unfinished and doesn't even have a proper outline for a rock.
It looks like scribble marks made by a child.
The painting lacks color or proper borders; it's merely a sketch.
The man has a contemptuous look on his face. I don't think I would like him.
The bearded man seated wearing a uniform displays anger.
The painting is a collection of random, unfinished sketches without meaning.
I can see clouds any time I want just by looking at the sky.
Something about the sketch comes off as boring and lazy
It looks like the man is harassing the woman.
The mountains seem unfinished, as does the entire painting as a whole.
That giant boat is a total jerk for just spewing the black smoke all over the others boats and town and what is it even doing
The hot, dry, rough sand before the man on horseback creates anger.
The painting doesn't even have a finished figure drawn, which is disappointing.
The king in this picture strikes me as a pompous and self-important individual who cares not for the concerns of those beneath him. The man holding an umbrella over his head is what makes me feel this way. He's probably a jerk
The woman in this painting doesn't looks pretty disgruntled so I feel some of that is projected unto me in the form of anger. Also note the dark shadowy theme that isn't positive.
It looks like a rough outline of the actual painting.
It seems like the man and woman might be attacked by a sneaky snake.
It looks like the women are being kidnapped by the men.
The painting is unfinished and lacks basic details for buildings or mountains.
I don't like the crude lines of the human form.
The two military ships moving sharply through the sea portray anger.
The painting is unfinished and lacks proper texture, color or other details.
The man's facial expression gives off a angry vibe
The upset bearded man and his slightly turned position display frustration.
I don't understand what I'm looking at, it seems like a dirty person.
The hard lines of this fortress and the dark matter on the ground beside it make me think of battles, struggles, and hardship.
This looks like a frustrating mess to move a boat out of the docks, looks like moving anywhere will hit someone
The painting lacks any clearly defined shapes or objects, which is disappointing.
Thomas was the only sensible apostle, as he was right to doubt the resurrection, so belittling him was uncalled for.
I'm actually a little angry at this. It just feels so devoid of effort that I can hardly consider it art aside from the little birds in the foreground. It's way too minimal in detail and lacking in much skill for me to appreciate.
it seems that the people in the painting are running away from the giant
these men seem to be plotting something sinister
the painting was faded and didnt look like artist really took time on it.
Subjects seem disconnected and not looking at each other, despite being at a bar with entertainment. Man appears to be scowling.
The oddly thick pattern resembles frowning eyebrows of a mad face.
It feels very masculine with an unpleasant atmosphere. The expressions on the faces of each man seems negative, but the one furthest to the right is the main one that gives me a sensation of anger as he looks almost like a demon.
The womans face looks angry in the mirrors reflection.
It's irritating.Murky little nothing of a picture.Can't even be bothered to give the woman a face.
It's hard to make out the details of this scene, but I instantly feel anger at the sword-wielding character in the bottom right. He feels threatening to the figure on the burrow.
The sharp lines of the person's attire, and the mean look on his/her face make me feel angry.
This woman should not have to carry such a heavy load. The man buying one fish has no shoes and must be pretty poor but at least he can afford one fish.
Everybody looks angry in this one and it tends to exude that vibe
the overall red that shadows the picture seems to be in relation to the female models look of anger at the painter.  It is an uncomfortable feel.
The picture has dark angry colors like red and black. It looks a little like a dark shape hunkered down looking towards you.
IT MUST BE FIGHT INBETWEEN THEM
This isnt a painting. Its a blank paper.
The sharp jagged forms weaving together raise my temper.
The gnawing lines running through this piss me off, the texture they induce is unnerving.
Ive never been a fan of bull fighting so this piece makes me angry and sad at the same time. Its really impressive the artist captured the event but its still very sad the death of the bull fighter
She was hoping for a romantic evening but he is passed out from too much drink.
I looks like the sea after warriors have washed from a battle.
I am frustrated that a rectangle of two colors can be considered art.
This doesnt feel like art, this feels like a home depot paint swatch.
Reminds you of the american revolution and those that suffered
It seems to be trying to make some kind of statement, but to me, it mostly just comes off as pretentious.
The brushstrokes appear harsh and haphazard, and the dark smeared black evokes hostility.
The artists didn't even try. It's just random flicks of color on big circles of orange. There's nothing to analyze.
She seems pissed off, the painter must have broken up with her.
Not art, just looks like a TV gone wrong.
I don't understand the composition of the different elements and how they are united.
This just looks like a rubbing of a cheese grater.
It looks like a black man, a slave, is carrying something around over his shoulder while everybody else is relaxing.
The red is very bright and along side the black makes is strong.
The black splatters overpowers what is an otherwise lovely color palette
If this is art then I'm a Dutchman and a Dutchman called Vincent would agree!
There's nothing interesting to me in nude pictures although I do like the softness of the sunset.
The different reds and vertical stripes makes this seem angry.
Lack of finality and finished structure makes this painting look unfinished
Looks like a tribal tattoo drawn out of blood, makes me think of war and conquest.
the large red x slashed through the painting in the middle is distraction and takes away from the beauty of the rest of the artwork.
Reminds me of a broken rotted door that needs to be repaired and I cant feel the need to ignore it instead of replacing it
The man makes me think of a military dictator.
It's to jumbled up and confusing to look at.
Reminds me of putting up paint samples to a wall, only to buy the paint I wanted and realize the paint sample and the paint I bought were different
there is a building that reads "gas" and it makes one think of the terrible petroleum system in the world
The man looks way too big to be riding a horse, just so we can track down what a woman is doing walking down a path.
Oil rigs trashing the landscape, fairly barren aside from the trash scattered about.
The harsh scribbles make everything look like frustrations.
The red and black together make me feel like someone was fighting.  This painting makes me feel like there is a battle going on.
A battered woman with a swollen face that has just been knocked down to the ground.
All of the colors look like they were put together in a fit of rage and confusion.
the circle in the yellow part of the painting overlaps into the purple side and bothers me because it is not equal.
The brushstrokes look poorly done and uneven and the use of colors looks like a toddler made it
The way the man's face is turned makes him seem untrustworthy. And his left hand is flicking me off, which just seems uncalled for.
The color red and the woman look extremely frustrated or angry
A parade of ape-like people perform as they torture a man and display a swastika image in a Holy place.
The man in the photo looks menacing as if he is about to steal the treasure before him.
The colors in this are too bold and with eyes standing out it seems violently asymmetrical
The trees looks like gas. It looks like they were rushed.
The red brings out a sense of anger with the lines of white and black. Something about how they contrast each other gives this feeling.
RED IS THE COLOR OF ANGER.
The long face and pursed lips look like the woman is stuck up.
The black strokes are too strong for the background grey and orange and makes it feel like angry scribbles.
I don't like this. It is a camouflage look that reminds me of war and violence
It looks like someone put random colored shapes on another painting.
The woman's face is a little too unrealistic. She has an egg head.
this is nothing - like someone traced the outline of a bbq grille
Several people being slaughtered and the doom that becomes
Looks like some sort of odd pagan symbol that may have some dark magical significance.
this guy makes me feel angry because of his angry eyes
This is too sharp and without substance to be in a soft garden; it feels like a leftover piece of construction material against the very organic background.
The woman and her child seem angry at something, and the rough strokes create a tense mood.
I feel more irritation than anger but these pieces don't seem to have substance and look misplaced so that it feels like a room with clutter even though white is so clean.
Lots of good tones and values but very sad to look at.
The crowned women lean in as if gossiping about someone, eager to hear the tale & make judgement as they are obviously superior.
The unorganized clutter of an artist and musician but with a harsh red background.
With crossed arms & and angry glare, he looks unhappy as the man next to him seems to be provoking him to a fight.
The colors look like accidental paint drips against a rainy window
The shades of blue throughout the painting makes it look like smog from the chemical plant is polluting the town.
The angry waters seem to be unfurling their wrath on anything in their way.
All of these rich kids look bored to tears in their high class clothing
This guy looks mad. To hold that face during the time it took to make the painting must have been an effort
The painting to me is not revealing enough background and the color blue was used recklessly. The theme could've been much more if the flower vase wasn't the center of the painting.
He looks a little bit like some evil rulers in history.
The red in the tree is agitating to me.  It makes it feel like hate.
The simple swaths of horizontal color appear like a cartoon backdrop, not a serious work of fine art.
The man seems to have just heard gossip from the people behind him that has wounded him emotionally.
The shadows and smokiness cast a feeling of dread and fear over the area.
This woman looks too proud due to her wealthy status as seen in her picture.
Demonic rage bristles in the woman's eyes and her distorted form seems to include monstrous wings.
The woman looks like she has her hands on her hips in anger.
This drawing seems incomplete, which makes me mad
The way the waves are crashing seems very aggressive like there is a storm in progress.
The mans brows are furrowed as if he is thinking of something that makes him mad.
The sharp edges and shapes feel manic and intense. It reminds me of some of the tough situations in my life.
The boy is slightly frowning and it may be because he has to study.
A warrior priest clutching a crucifix as he ides his charger into battle will anger the viewer for all the killing perpetrated in the name of religion.
Angry oranges make a mad protrait of an old man
The sharp black and white striping put an aura of anger into this picture.
the man has a very sullen look on his face
The incompleteness of the scene is frustratingly annoying.
This woman seems to be cooking up some little people in a furnace!
It appears as if evil it is going to win over good.
The ships out in the ocean looks like they are experiencing a storm. They are crashing against strong waves. The little person on the shore looks like he is unaware or does not care for the ships' passengers.
The white paint of the woman blends with the background too much to see easily.
the woman lying is naked and with large breast
The red tones give the crowd an angry feel and it looks like they are abusing the animal in chains
The contrast of the colors match the anger in his expression.
a strong resemblace of gaddafi. a cruel and phyco leader,who would kill anyone who oppose him.
This appears to be a propaganda piece, likely for a pro-Communist movement, depicting a toiling worker in industrial society.
The man with the sword looks like he's angry about something.
The way the one man is wearing vibrant red just makes it seem like they are planning something evil
It looks like a rich woman giving orders to her servants.
The man looks like he's looking at the painting in contempt.
This makes me feel like the man holding the small septer is very mean and authoritative. The young boy holding the sun shield looks like he is defending himself, but the crowd is not supportive.
The bright red and orange looks like fire destroying the green land
I feel frustrated as I try to look closely in this blurry portrait. I am desperate to find out if this portrait is a snow storm in the middle of a small village.
This painting makes me angry because it seems like there's something to be seen, but I can't see it
old times.tax collector from kings palace .punishing people and abusing.
I don't like who the painting is too clear so its hard on the eyes
A fat ugly middle age queen who thinks she is pretty with all her gold ornaments.
The sketch reflects so much talent, but it seems unfinished.
I feel angry because it looks like the two women in the middle are harassed by the soldiers.
The artist was too vague at whatever he was trying to capture.
I feel like the area has been destroyed by fire. Everything is shrouded by darkness and the man on the horse seems to be on a mission on searching for survivors.
i don't understand how people can be so evil and no even a little bit of compassion.
i could not make out the rider of the horse
cruel emperor ,watching peoples pain with contentment and enjoying the day.
i said take me to a hospital not an f-ing corn field
All the yellows and whites blend together, making it a visual mess that's hard to look at. It's cluttered and frustrating.
Scared because what is on their faces.
This looks like a heroic battle between good and evil
The white versus darkness on this with a religious symbol (cross) make me angry because portrays men vs. women.
The shape of the male form as he ferociously creates a work of art evokes a sense of anger and aggressiveness.
There's something about the lack of description of this piece that screams out to the audience " don't let me be described this way".
It looks like the people around the outside might be coming to attack the ones in the center.
This man looks haughty, since he's looking down at me
The wife always is the one to get hurt and always there for the children while the man does what he wants.
With the clear rage depicted, I want to be angry right back at her! The crisp detail in her dress is phenomenal.
This painting leaves the spectators at a loss of words because it lacks generosity when it comes to the story of the subject. There is a laziness about it that is unforgiving.
The photo is to blurry and its hard to make out detail of the image.
The king portrayed is clearly enraged.  He is wearing mail, so possibly is looking off at a great battle.
what do you mean you kicked the map into the river
The little girl's stern expression and furrowed brows look angry.
War is not the answer it causes so much heartache and pain.
This super simple line drawing should not count as art. It is too simplistic and evokes nothing.
The man is peaking through the hole in the wall look like he is about to loot this room.
The dark colors and stern look on the face of the man give the painting an air of anger.
I feel like someone ruined this painting with green and red paint splatters.
The woman, apparently caught off guard, offers a fist and disapproving stare.
The woman, likely during an interrogation, defensively folds her arm over her stomach and braces herself for additional questions.
The mass deforestation is portrayed without any shame
The man's evil regard for the people he's looking at is unmistakable.
The man appears to be disappointed in the world and feeling lost without a purpose.
There is an aggressive quality in the shades of oranges and reds.
I can feel the anger in this man's face. The harsh colors also add to the element of anger.
The use of warm colors against the striking black shading creates a sense of anger and warfare.
This man's slanted green eyes and pinched lips feels like he is very angry at what he is seeing!
I am angry because this is so poorly drawn.  And why is it only men at the table?!
The anger on the man's face is visible and makes me angry in turn.
A revolt against the ruling class is about to happen here.
She is full of contempt and refuses to be ignored, she will get even
A war is breaking out and the fight is on. The march continues for these French soldiers.
The man has an angry look on his face and his lips are scrunched
They seem to be conducting sinister business with a man tied to a pole yet a child is hanging out on the ground which makes me mad as a mom they would do this.
Men run for their lives when their attempts to taunt or kill a bull fail miserably.
The person looks fed up with day they have had so far.
The level of violence being portrayed in this gray scale work is shocking.
This man's hair seems to be decorated with peacock feathers, making me think that a peacock was killed for his vanity
The colors are very polarizing and it just upsets me, it's kind of harsh to look at
It upsets me how much pollution is emanating from this town, given the big puff of gray smoke
Well its not very appealing due to the lack of detail. The artist forced the colors on whatever it is.
He seems so proud even though he has help destroy everything in the background
The punishment of hanging on the cross is just cruel
These are young girls barely into puberty, an exploitation of naked children. This is possibly meant to be the Three Graces or similar. However, using young girls' nakedness is sexual exploitation of children and is dangerous and pedophilic.
This girl looks too young to be smoking and posing in such a provocative manner
If I were the subject, I would be mad, her hair basically fades into the background and she seems bald.
The person seems infuriated to be revealing the dish.
The man regards the viewer with intense suspicion and his clenched fist suggests he is ready for battle.
Under the gaze of a woman in a giant portrait, various people react to the center bottom man's directive with shame and shock.
His expression looks very angry and his hat doesn't it correctly
The individuals kneeling over appear to be captives and at the mercy of the two guards who are abusing them.
It makes me feel angry because the man has his arms folded and the seated lady is flushed as if angry at the other woman.
The detail in the womans face and clothes bring on feelings of disdain for the royals
The harsh lighting and the activity in which the men appear to be engaged (farm work on a plantation?) angers me, as it reminds me of slavery in the South.
Reminds me of that one Player Unknown Battle Grounds map with the islands all the way to the right. I really didn't like that game.
these people look rich and privileged, like they are better than me
The individual faces have all been distorted into vicious caricatures.
Far too simplistic to convey a real message.
The endless cycle on Christmas trees actually keeps us from advancing out of materialism.
The painting looks like a plain geometrical shape, which isn't a proper painting.
The barefoot girl scowls at the viewer, pouting on a hillside, offering no joy.
The eyes in this work look angry and crazed.
This looks messy and scary. It looks like old dried up smeared blood and then a new blood trail
I do not like the look of the people there
it feels a bit preachy orlike the male figure is trying to tell off the woman, seems a little angering in the way they all seem stiff or about to argue
This man looks very upset and angry about something.
I do feel angry seeing this because i don't like to see people fight and it reminds me of that
The painting is nothing more than a window, which is extremely boring.
The lack of a distinct focal point gives a sense of conflict.
The dark tones make me feel like the scene at the table is tense and uncomfortable
I can't tell if these are slaves, native americans, or POWs.  Anyway it is bad
Is he waiting on her lover with his sword ready? She is scared and he is mad. Grey colors make this intense in the emotions of the face and posture.
The painting is nothing more than a rough sketch, lacking proper colors and borders.
This work makes me frustrated because it is hard to follow the lines and my mind wants to sort it out and can't.
The painting show the seas as being uncontrolled and angry. It is an painting that would be scary to look at all the time.
The painting looks unfinished and lacks any proper coloration for the mountains.
I was mad st tge jagged and joring draws.
The young woman folds her arms, unhappy and skeptical about her predicament.
it has a sort of firey angry feel to the face
These upside down triangles, posing as fine art, mock the intelligence of the viewer.
This painting really makes me feel like i could be in the painting
This picture is too discordant for me to ever consider it for personal enjoyment.  It's unsettling too look at.
A man seems to be killing a woman with a knife, which makes me furious.
The look didn’t give them by the woman looks mad
The way the couple has turned away from each other seems like they are angry. The woman's hand in the air is saying good riddance!
the man looks like its about to rape the woman, she looks scare, he is forcefully dragging her
I can feel the intensity rolling off this man, he looks distraught.
Reminds me of the cleanup that has to be done to the yard after a long winter
looks like a child's drawing in crayon, i'm not sure what this is suppose to be of but it's boring
the look on his face makes me dislike him on sight. he looks arrogant.
this makes me mad because the animals look to be in pain
The figures standing around seem to be passing judgement on the disadvantaged person kneeling and asking for help.
It looks like a fight scene. It looks like there is a man on the left that has his arm pulled back and is going to hit the woman on the right.
This is a rough sketch that barely resembles anything; it's annoying that this would be considered art.
Because the look on his face appears like an angry old man, mad at the world, and shouldn
the brown, orange, and red are like flames of a fire
The woman wearing the red plaid blanket looks very angry.
The soldiers killing the weak remind me of orders given by kings that don't do the dirty work
The bottom half of this pisses me off...it's so lightly drawn in that it's like it's missing. I don't want to have to squint to make out things.
The dull colors and expression on the face make me feel like im being interrogated
The mans gaze look like he has disgusting secrets he's gotten away with
It is boring and the lines make you feel annoyed and confused trying to figure out what this is.
The bright reds and expression on the mans face inspire anger.
These panels, perhaps of a monetary collection, as a whole fail to rise to fine art, in turn mocking the viewer's taste.
I am bothered by the look of the face on the statue
The man standing on top of the hill with the city in the horizon suggests conquest.
The painting is nothing more than a black canvass, which is not a proper painting.
The bright colors of the mans clothes and his expression looks over privileged
This should not be called a painting as it looks to me like there is almost nothing there
I feel angry because the man's black coat looks like he's about to fly off in a rage.
This looks like it started to get colored, but then was stopped and left incomplete which is irritating.
The painting lacks any proper drawing; it's just two squares.
The forceful scribblings on the black bluffs diminish the appeal and beauty of this seaside landscape.
The painting looks like an unfinished collection of wavy lines.
The painting lacks color and seems too haphazard to me a proper painting.
I feel like I ate paper.because the texture.
this makes me feel angry like why is this something that even exists as art. This can be turned into art but just a board no
This art could be nice, but the fading of the details makes it hard to see they beauty of it which is annoying.
I do not like the religious paintings here
Reminds me of war, with smoke filling the skies and destruction all over.
The ship is stuck in the ice on the sea. The people waiting on side to see if it will move.
This person is so ridiculous-looking I can't believe an artist chose to paint them.
The look on her face reminds of having someone angry at me.
The people in this painting seem to be prisoners forced to work in awful conditions. Some characters look to be in despair while others in this piece seem to smile, almost mockingly.
The men look as if they are going to hurt the cow
The drawing makes me feel like it is undone not taken care of the artist was angry trying to work out their feeling.
The painting is soso but the image of revolt is aggressive
The woman is running away from the man covering herself from the man, which makes me think she is not a willing participant.
His dead on stare and his smirk is slightly infuriating, and the red makes it seem like has power, and sometimes we can instinctively be adverse to power
the colors are dark, the pattern is irregular and jagged, it's not pleasing to look at
Brutal lines decimate the depiction of the village, suggesting rage and destructive feelings from the artist.
The fallen warrior, his red scarf evoking blood draining onto the snow, grimaces as he comes to terms with the end of his service.
it makes me angry everything I see humans making another human into son sort of god, I don't like this drawing
I am angry because the people working on the beach appear to be slaves.
The red looks like blood and the yellow and dark colors like angry bruises.
The lack of colors, and the way they seem to be devoted to the king who is looking down on them, is a bit annoying.
The subject of the painting, all the men gathering around something wrong for their own amusement
I'm irrationally angry with this one, because they "went outside the lines", TWICE!!
I am not a fan of people in power like this and they look evil
The painting is nothing more than a black box, which is boring.
The painting is a bunch of lines without depth or color.
I do not like the look they have
The person's eyes strike fear and anger into me.
It looks as if the men on the ship are throwing other men out to see to drown and suffer as they fight and cling to life.
All of these people are made to carry heavy bags while others just stand around and watch.
The painting is nothing more than a circle, which is disappointing.
Although there are some very beautiful parts of this picture, the dark characters are very hard to understand what is going on and they look abusive.
Not enough detail to be good not enough difference to be another style
The cherub is fighting off the man who is beating the woman.
The detail of the mans face and beard make me think of a miserable little man who is spiteful and ashamed
The subject of the painting has a smug face.
The stark black background with rough brushstrokes contains barbed wire-like scratchings with unappealing lines.
This drawing of a portion of a flag insults the viewer by even considering for a moment that it could be fine art.
People have built buildings up and down the mountain, destroying the scenery.
The potter is obviously talented yet the man watches him work with derision on his face.
The guy looks very mean
the arch of the eyebrow and slight rise of the corner of his lip look like he is angry or disappointed
Why aren't any of the people attempting to help Jesus?
People are angry and use of large amount of red is like anger
All the darkness gives a feeling of dread, but the sun is cartoony and changes the emphasis of the overall work.
A burning fire the reds and violent strokes of white engulf me in anger
The face of the person and their chin hairs make me irrationally angry.
the man's face looks like he's very angry
Anger and strife as the paining represents mad at the first thing that he sees. The pole represents the anger as feeling better to hit something with it.
The painting is too busy, mostly due to the multiple draws of focus on the red dots, the white spaces, and conflicting lines.
The man's power is overtaken by the poor tiger's body taking up the entire picture.
This image is frustrating to look at because more than half of it is meaningless darkness. The red splatters look like sloppy graffiti, like an annoying nuisance.
The person has a look of being disapproving and anger.
I thkn because its all red X shapes and in a circle, it looks like angry trying to be organized
The ornate detail of the drawing surrounding the woman and the book are distracting.
The woman looks to be on trial in a room of angry men
I know those guys don't expect me to pay for this shoddy work on the fences, now really will you look at this!!
The shape of the white streaks reminds one of barbed wire.
It's sloppy, without intent, and without purpose, as if anyone could do it
The shame of how Jesus was treated with holding his whip and the crown of thorns and the dark black colors in the piece bring up feelings of hate.
Unhappy bath time. Reminds me of being a kid.
the muted color blocking on such a dark level provides nothing for the imagination.
These jerks look like they're abusing this woman.
The main figure is clearly angered and enraged - his foot is on the face of another man. The main person is throwing something as well but I don't know what.
looks like is about to strike something or somebody
I feel anger about this painting because it doesn't make sense what was the message that the artist wanted to express. It leaves me a sensation of frustration too because I try to identify what is hidden in this painting but it's not possible.
She looks very angry, and it makes you feel angry for her, and angry at whoever is making her so upset.
There really isn't anything to see or much effort put into this block of black with one red stripe.
The incompleteness of the man who fades into nothing is irritating.
It looks as though the man covered in tattoos is fighting his demons and has ripped the head off one
Can't see all of the picture and I want to know what else is going on.
An angel is standing over a chaotic scene, reminding the viewer that supposedly good divine powers stand by while suffering and death happens.
This looks like wall paper with a small water stain from a glass on it. Not art at all.
The male in the picture seems to be angry with the female subject.
The stabbing thick red point looks like and open gunshot wound.
The warrior holds a weapon as if prepared to use it.
The woman's dark eyes and hair, along with the dark background, make it seem like she is scowling.
The woman looks aggrieved at being cornered. He is obviously unwelcome.
The painting uses red to frame a black toned rectangle that contains a darker red.  It feels like an abstract depiction of anger: the red is what people see and the black toned rectangle is what anger does to the individual who is angry.
It makes me angry to be shown something so bland and plain.
The dark clouds remind me of angry/sad thoughts in a brain.
This child has got a glass of his daddy's whiskey.
This person has angry eyes and the red on his chest and hands resemble blood possibly from a battle.
The bright red color is reminiscent of intense emotions of being mad.
The old woman looks so mean and the subdued colors just further that feeling.
The red against pink stirs up feelings of anger like the painter is pushing us to rectify something...
None of the figures look comfortable and relaxed. It looks a little like they are slaves.
The positioning of the two people looks like they are staring eachother down
The sharp angles and asymmetry combined with the harsh yellows and greens feel like anger
the spoils of war that everyone is exdependable
How is a sheet of what looks like cut cardboard a piece of art? Really annoying
A very masculine piece, there is a lot of aggression here.  Puts me on edge.
The red is a violent color and the black and gray areas appear to have been added to the canvas in a violent manner.
It's not anything. It's just two paint smears. I really don't understand why artists do this?
The scene depicts war and the characters painted look unhappy.
This isn't even artwork when you look at it and that makes me upset.
Woman looks like she needs assistance and she is being thrown out and shamed.
...that this can pass as art. Apart from the subject matter, the yellow and brown are not pleasing.
I don't like the asian influence in this painting, it looks awkward and weird to me.
The sharp edges on the shapes with darker coloring lead to a bit of anger.
Love the elephant but the hooks they use are evil.
The sharp edges of the lines against the dark background seems aggressive and hostile
I'm repulsed and angered by this since it shows one man trying to harm another.  The victim appears to be naked and slumping over while dying.  The lack of colors shows the despondency and evilness of the work.
The deep hues, fighting stance, and fierce expression make me feel as angry as the people in the picture.
not sure what this is, an old lady in a big dress and huge shoes. why are there paints and legs all over? so confusing
The thick red brush strokes make it look like the town is on fire.
The fire-y colors of orange, yellow and red blended together look like a blazing fire to me.  It speaks of rage especially with the dark black/blue above pressing down on it.  I think it's a very rage filled piece of work.
Painting of my angry wife
Even though you can only see half of his face, that's enough... you can feel this person is angry.
resembles a man who is drinking on the street
This is mainly lines, not art. I don't see talent in this and it makes me angry to think that someone thinks this is art.
This image confuses me as I'm not sure what it is trying to represent, the red and black contrast and shapes are too angular.
This "sort of abstract" painting looks like animals being hung for butchering, ugh.
The old man looks like he is plotting an evil scheme.
This image brings up religious imagery and in that vein brings negative connotations to my mind.
the color red i associate with the feeling of anger
almost a totally black canvas, a disappointing piece of art. i'm angry that someone probably made money off this
This painting is such a mishmash of color and pattern that it means nothing to me.
Scary scene with a horrible out come
It makes me angry to see how these soldiers have probably broken into the house and are carrying away the husband.
A busy piece of artwork with a musician playing, a falling angel, fallen man, and semi-nudity gives a lot to think about in one piece of artwork.
I don't like the flatness of this picture, it looks very one dimensional and it makes me feel weird.
The mad man in front of the scowling cat gives off a mean spirit.
Why is this considered art?! It is just colored blocks! My four year old nephew is more creative than this!
white people are always trying to conquer something
I feel this emotion because when I see her expression, her face makes her look mean or like she is mad about getting her picture painted.
The bright and warring colors appear to converge and attack the angelic white wing, creating a mailicous atmosphere.
The Japanese samurai fighting is scary and represents a power struggle and violence
It feels unfinished. The big white space in the middle feels like something is missing compared to the colored borders.
The distorted glass is unsettling and empty.
The warriors lined up with guns leveled is violent and distressing. Japan was our enemy in World War II, and I dislike this picture and its message of aggression.
The two men look like they're upset, but there's no way to tell why. It's frustrating.
The blue abstract shapes just makes the purse look like it's more important than just being a purse; the blue over-dramatizes things.
Seems like there is war going on but sides are mixed with the woman in the middle.
It is just a black line. How is this considered art?
An empty Ikea shelf is not art worthy.
Another revolting asian painting showing people, as they walk by, calmly looking at somebody being killed.
Too many colors and weird things going on that has me feeling angry.
The tiger has my sympathy. The warrior looks evil, and angry.
The man has an aggressive stare that appears as a challenge.
The painting is too busy due to conflicting warm tone and cool tone colors and there are too many animated objects.
Contempt for a lousy piece of metal trash passing as art.No skill.
the color blocked drab geometrics seem very lazy artistically.
The negative energy of the crowd is hostile.
The black scribble looks like it has come out of an angry mind, born of frustration.
that bird is chained to a post.
The scene depicts warriois in battle with rage.
This appears to be a depiction of Christ on a cross and the anger in one of the subject's face is palpable.
The pointed shapes look very sharp and look like nasty teeth.
It is just blue. Nothing special and nothing that makes it unique art.
Suspense! I can hear the woman telling the man "Not her! The ram over there!"
What appears to be a group of devil-type characters seem to be rejoicing in a person's loneliness or downfall as they walk away in the background. The celebration is anger-inducing.
The red lines look like slashes that have been made in anger
I don't understand what this painting is trying to convey. The design doesn't make any sense and I feel like there is no point to this.
This painting makes me angry at what the soldiers might have done to the man.
they are trying to appease the king but he's angry about something
After seeing so many really cool pictures, with lots of details and emotions all this picture is is a blob of purple.
The scowl on his face and the seriousness in his expression is irritating.
everything that is wrong with society. the sense of man entitlement is clearly in full view
the real Jesus did not look like this whit fair skin and long flowing hair
This guys eyes scare me. He looks so mad. I don't know who ticked him off but I'd stay away.
One person is veating ankther person up and throwing a weapon at tgem
With a knife wielding in his hand, the adult looks angrily at the large eyes staring back at him
The circle of orange is like a ball of fire looking for an escape from its square border.
I am frustrated at the desire to pull the phone out of the block and the inability to do so.
The figure looks disgusted at what she is looking at and is smoking a cigarette.
The people in this painting are both scowling, they look angry which makes me feel anger.
Irritated by the jumbled overly busy scene.It's a clatter of dumped junk.
Mad I cant understand or read the writing
This man has a strange toad-like face which makes him look like he is spoiling for a fight.
The subject comes across (via his disinterested expression) as an arrogant male reeking of white male privilege, with royal privilege on top of that.
That this can be described as art makes me cross, its nothing, just some half done lines for a graph
All the red, the stern man higher than everyone else, it all reminds me of communism and oppression and makes me angry.
The men's arms and legs are to thin.
The soldier appears to be doing harm to the baby as evident by the blindfold on the baby's eyes.
The dark colors and abstract shapes fighting against each other look violent and harsh, the very depiction of the emotion anger.
A war is raging and acts of violence are being commited
the blurriness of the photo gives me a feeling of anger
An boy who is an immigrant and another boy who is African American carrying a White girl with wings is an example of poor artwork with a racist, slavery look to it.
I feel like pain and suffering is occurring for the amusement of someone else.  Hateful.
The lack of details in this painting is confusing and irritating.
The rabbit seems to be dead and hanging upside down which isn't a pleasant image.
The scowl on the man's face makes him look unfriendly.
The scowling face along with the sword creates a violent image.
The yellow in the background along with the black dress make the women look discontent
I am mad that a cool, minimalist, pop culture type of painting has been ruined by a fluffy ball.
This religious depicition emphasizes a religious leader who relies on extensive wealth to appear they way they do.
This look like a bad walpaper from the 80s, it doesn't belong here with actual artwork.
It appears they are mistreating the woman on the floor
This is what my head feels like when i have a migrain like my head is going to explode
The scowl on the figure makes them look mean.
The person's stern expression in an otherwise pastel-colored image
I thought this was a napkin at first look. What is this part of wall paper? This is not good at all.
I do not really like color blocking or abstract art.
he is abusing the woman
The character in the picture looks stern, unhappy, and disdainful toward what he is looking at.
The scowling face and turbulent sea invoke anger
I want to wipe up the mess smeared across the table.
The linear formation of the soldiers reminds me of a firing squad
i'm confused as to what this is suppose to portray. the colors are oddly chosen, lilac, coral and orange. i looks a bit like an old film reel
The depiction of what appears to be a torture scene instinctively angers me
Looks like the brutes are raping or doing an  unwanted procedure on this woman.
the black vertical lines look like a foldable door that is cold
There's nothing here, just the echo of color, but nothing artistic or meaningful
The bold colors makes it seem like it was a unwanted birth.
This picture makes me feel anger because of how the man is using the woman to carry everything.
I don't see any art in this work.
I feel anger as the faces are of strife of anger. The fish that is trying to get away from the angry lady. She is not happy that she lost the dinner. The other two are routing her on.
The red color in this abstract painting reminds me of an angry person with an implement in his hand.
I don't have a clue what this art is? Two lines? Okay, people are strange
there's no effort here, it feels simplistic and without the necessary depth for art
The political arguing on the stage, while there is warfare behind them already started is utterly maddening.
Just orange paint. Nothing worthy of art.
The gritting of the teeth and flames at the bottom give this an infectious, boiling rage
the bland background with minimal geometric just seems lazy.
The figures are committing violent and cruel acts.
I feel angry because this painting is boring, and people still consider it art.
I get very angry over pieces like this considered art. Where is the talent? Where is the actual emotion
I don't know anyone who enjoys sharing their bed with halved lemons and pears. Women are typically not in the habit of staring down at their naked breasts.
The red makes me feel angry and hot, and the way the edges are not neat just seem to be almost out of control.
The expression on the face looks very confrontational.
The monotone color scheme and weird streaks create a sense of frustration and boredom
Something about the line work and the chosen colors just seem lazy.
The man looks mean, and his stance above every one else makes him look like an evil leader.
it looks cold and wet and not a pleasant time to be walking around outside
There's too much light and dark with very little gray scale making it difficult to to see the details of the room and people.
Mid forties male in a suit makes me disgusted
All I see is red and there is no art.
That the patriarchal bearded figure would demand the woman's infant as payment makes the viewer boil with rage.
The creature in the background holding something along with the figures in the foreground is not appealing.
The figure in the painting looks anger and gives me that impression.
There is a lot of male aggression in this painting.  Lots of fighting and pain.
The painting is anger and strife. The man is defending himself and trying to kill the beast. The beast is of anger and is ready to attack.
The simplistic shapes make it look like the artist didn't put any effort into their work.
The person appears to lack a soul due to the monotone colors and represents male patriarchy
The angle of the portrait makes it look like a mugshot.
The man looks like he's putting the women through torture.
I know this is probably a painting of Mary and Jesus, but in these times, it makes me very angry when I think of all the babies in heaven that were aborted on earth.
The picture doesn't show anything but a color.
everything that is wrong with society that man are in charge
This person looks mad, and the red cheeks depict anger.
This looks like the back of a tile, ut is plain and boring and therefore if it is supposed to illustrate something, it is lost on me.
This looks like the background for a weather forecast, not art.
Red is a color of anger.   White at the bottom is reminiscent of a grimacing mouth.
Building and construction phase 1 of a great temple.  A tragedy has to be reconciled.
The looks on this guys face looks angry and upset. even how its brown coloring makes me upset
This is dark. The pattern of the strokes of black is depressing and make me feel a sense of anger.
The person looks angry and is holding a long sword as if preparing to fight someone.
I don't like the red and black together, it looks angry
just not into religious paintings
Doing things in this Warhol style appear lazy and unoriginal to me.
The preacher is issuing an intense sermon from the pulpit to a large congregation.
The black patches look like they are censoring something
i feel sad for this guy getting beat in front of these people
This looks like a placemat, not art. I feel mad even thinking that someone would think this is art.
The man looks like a warrior, and he and the dragon both look angry. This painting is intense.
The photo taken of this piece of art is too blurry to properly review.
She looks like a very pretty woman; but she is very mad in this picture.
Many of the men seem to just be lazing around onconcerned with the destruction around them.
The woman in blue looks like she is angry at the other
The woman looks upset and a little fearful and the man behind her is very angry.
The gentlemen has a angry face and not happy with the way his painting turned out. This painting puts in mind when you are of anger that you feel you are not good enough for your ability and the world.
I dont like the way that the female form is portrayed even if it is suppose to be art
If I have to see that contorted face, I expect there to be a pleasing aspect (like color) to help counterbalance the unnerving look on the man's face.
Anger might be a bit harsh but, the red tones and the people being used to carry those of importance... brings to mind conquest on the backs of commoners and opression.
The person is smashing the sculpture in anger.
The art is good, but makes me mad her pulling the wings out to put in a hat.
The black hat and coat blends well with the angered look on this woman's face.
The man's contorted face, unfinished on the left side, perhaps suggests the artist considers him fake and two-faced.
It's a really good depiction of a privileged man, but I'm so over those.
This man is wasting perfectly good water.
it looks like the painting is missing something
The father and his children seem to be the meanest family on the block, smirking at others.
This man will not leave this woman alone! Even the knees of the statue are mad! Since she is wearing black, she is mourning her husband and this man hasn't given her time to grieve before begging for her to be his wife.
The man in the red is frowning in anger.
A notorious witch coming out of hut after stealing something from there.
The woman is clenching her fists in anger.
It just seems like this person was judging me for something.
I don't like that the women seem to be subservient to the man.
The stark black and white lines suggest a judgement of right and wrong with no gray areas between. The woman is in despair, probably because of the weights on thte other side of the scale. I believe those weights represent some type of final judgment against the woman.
This child looks defensive, since he's pouting with his arms crossed
ragged, rough, ugly, uninteresting, boring, why are you making me look at this scribble, black, heavy, blech!
It looks like the woman is getting puched in the face.
Raw and brash pen strokes give the scene an angry vibe, perhaps reflecting the artist's rage at the viewer.
The ocean waves hitting the coastline is thunderous and repetitive
With his weapons and the look on his face he makes me scared.
The man appears very aggressive and angry in his facial expression
The group of people look angry at each other.
This is a Eurocentric image glorifying war and Christianity.  These attitudes destroyed the world.
I hate the way that there is no detail. This is probably a beautiful building that simply looks messy and poorly rendered.
Small naked person looks resentful
The man's unnatural pose and distorted face suggests that the artist is not favorable toward him.
I like this because i enjoy paintings of the outdoors
The expression on the man's face looks slightly judgmental.
I do not like the look on the face of the person.
The way this creatures eyes are looking up feels like it has great anger and contempt.
The man's blank face seems to reveal nothing, indicating that the portrait has been a waste of time for both the artist and the subject.
The contorted features suggest a distorted, criminal mind full of ugliness and self-serving perceptions.
The red baby looks unhealthy and it is not being held up by anything.
People are attacking one another like in war time, so it makes me angry that there is all this hate.
I feel more irritated than angry; there is not enough detail for me and the colors are too muted to make me want to create my own image in my mind.
The black and light yellow contrast makes the woman appear angry with the environment that she is in.
The amount of pollution in the distance is shameful.
The man appears to be throwing a book down.
The scribbled image of the gate in the fence fails to offer any portal to a new world, much less be a serious attempt at fine art.
The black and white makes it look stark and it looks like war propaganda which angers me.
An Italian women sitting having her demitasse coffee ..Why do Italian women always look angry? That's how I see it and feel..
I really hate this painting, I think because of the awful colors--they are simultaneously pale yet sickly.
I can't tell what it is going on in this picture but it makes me upset.
The subject's expression seems disgusted
There is seems to be disorganization in the church and all the worshipers are trying to get closer to the altar and priest for help.
This is a book cover, not art, there is hardly anything besides text why is this here.
The confusing scene is overdrawn, but appears to show people sitting in judgment of one another.
anger seems to resonate on the persons face, and why is he tied to a tree??
The woman is naked and seems very mad.
The religious theme paired with the stern man on a dark horse makes it seem like the painting is judging and prohibiting me. This makes me agitated as if someone is trying to control me.
The colors portray an angry mood and a sense of dismay.
There seems to be some sort of argument about the scattered / broken things on the floor.
I am not into the crucifixion of a women or a man on a cross. Makes me feel anger...
The men in the statues look like they are abusing animals/other men.
The detailed lines around the man's eyes and the softness of his mouth shows a well lived, kind life.
The face reminds me of a scary movie and seen where the paintings come to life. I don't like this.
the way the black and grey scribble over the mans face makes him look angry and intense
This landscape blends a perfect layer of hazy tan tones for a warm image of a beach,
This portrait incorporates the woman's work and her world outside the open window to give a detailed story of her life.
This sort of frustrates me within. Why paint this? What was the purpose? Just fruit on a table and a bowl of it!
It shows Eve taking the apple out of the snake's mouth with her own mouth while Adam is around the tree admiring the fruit instead of stopping Eve.
the cats look very angry to me overall
The black and gray set a sad scene for me plus the men look like they are about to go behead someone
The top landscape is pretty but he looks really mad and makes me feel the same way.
The fighting between Native tribes is a metaphor for the double colonization of man, both by other men and by their own greed and envy.
On the right side of the painting, it looks like two women fighting and no one is stepping in to stop the fight.
The women seems to sit impatiently as if waiting for something very important.
Prisoners are engaged in hard labor under the guard of soldiers in a gulag.
The woman is bound at the wrists and on her knees while the man is holding her head and about to decapitate or kill her.
The grey color pallette and the look of anger on the man's face seems as if you should fear him.
The king seems to be angered at his band of servants.
There is too much crowding going on and there are people fighting.
Seeing someone being controlled against their will.
This appears to be satan. The fact that he thinks he has any rule over someone's life is atrocious. He needs to go back where he came from.
Weird looking spirit figure next to cross is scary and ugly to me.
Because of the vibrant colors, like red and orange, it makes me feel anger--it's harsh looking.
This man has an angry look on his face and appears to be looking down at someone condescendingly.
There's a lot of detail and shading in the rocks and nothing interesting happening in the photo.
The man's crossed arms appears like his is mad about something.
It looks like the pointing men on the right are accusing the man in the middle. He looks despondent.
Why are they in line to chastise this person
A brown haired hair seems to have a grouchy look on its face.
an angry mother waiting for me.
Really confused by what the picture of the woman on the bench is trying to say.
The deep reds and blacks are making me feel not so good.
The various shades of red in the painting inhibit a sense of anger.
This painting shows such movement surrounding the still ballerinas, but I question why I see a dog in the background.
The man being pinned to the cross without just cause.
This brings up feelings of war and death.  The artwork is pretty, but the subject matter isn't my favorite.
I feel anger because the man on the ground has been killed and I don't know why.
A bright summer day with people walking around make me hate social distancing.
I feel like he is hurting the animal and that makes me mad.
A man is about to strike a defenseless woman with a sword.
The marks on the page are very gestured and it looks like the animal is tied up.
The man in the large red hat seems to disapprove of what the nun says.
His red hat and lips seem to reflect the emotions he is experiencing.
The painting is way too blurry for be to admire the grap vine.
The painting lacks proper borders and looks like a kid drew it.
The naked people have inappropriate private body parts showing in plain view and appear to be getting physically abused.
I wish it did the have the appearance of being blurry. I love a ballet themed painting and crave to see it better. I do enjoy the orange colors.
I am mad that his whole life seems to have just ended in tragedy.  He looks miserable.
Profile of a rather hard looking woman in a elaborate hat. Her eyes are mean.
My mind is fixed with feelings of frustrations for some reason while I follow the sporadic brush strokes.
The look of the two individual in the frame seems quite irritated at one another. There seems to be a general sense of distrust.
I can see the seething hatred maybe towards her forced husband.
It looks like the person on the picture's right is a skeleton as if he is being malnurished and not able to get his basic needs
The painting looks rather dull and boring, and lacking in detail to me.
The man kneeling on the ground is about to be decapitated for some unknown crime.
The red is too much.  It's Picasso-esque in it's dimensions.  The angry color really packs a punch.
the face looks disapproving and angry but his hair is entertaining
The man fights off the others as they attempt to steal his goods.
the painting is so blurry that I can only make out some rocks, which is disappointing.
People are arguing and fighting with each other waking down a prison hallway.
The woman seems fed up with the idea of having to pose for a portrait.
Adam and Eve are about to unleash bad things on humankind because they are self-centered and sinful
Men appear to be whipping another man tied to a pillar.
It appears that the people are trying to force the horses to go into a body of water and that the horses are afraid to go into the water.
The painting looks like a bunch of random shapes to me.
The painting looks too simple and poorly drawn in terms of cows or trees.
The battle filled image leaves one filled with anger and hatred.
The figure seems uncessarily graphic, though the lighting adds gravity to the image
The painting looks unfinished, and the bridge lacks clear details.
The image is beautifully done but represents one filled with anger.
The guards are angry and full of hate as they put the man on the cross.
I don't understand why everyone is just standing around looking at the baby on the floor. That baby needs picked up!
I see the toils of war. The glorification of this makes me upset about the things we value as honor.
The man gives a stern, scornful look as he clutches his note.
The artist could do make the painting better without the blue paint. Gray-scale would be better.
There is a duality that is seem in this image and leaves a feeling of fear and anger.
This painting angers me because details in painting are only given to certain parts, like the soldiers, but not the bushes and other objects.
The contrast is too light, it would be better if it was a bit darker.
The beast trying to kidnap and rape the younf women who refused to be with him.
There's a sternness about him. Perhaps it is his beard and square face, along with a slight scowl.
The woman is pretending to ride the man like a horse.
The artist could have carved the hair better.
A woman appears to revolt against Jesus Christ's attempts to stop her from doing evil.
These people are violently hammering nails into the hands and feet of Christ our King.
The king appears to be enjoying a nice meal while some man is being escorted off to either be imprisoned or executed which makes the King seem like a jerk to me.
The artist appears to be mocking Jesus, showing him as shrinking away from the concerns of the needy.
The man's red face, consumed with rage and hate, is equally confused and menacing.
The lady will not allow anyone to treat her like that again.
Thiis is what I get for marrying a farmer
Jesus found them sleeping when they had been told to pray for him.
A woman or wealth and arrogance can be seen here that has never wanted for anything.
The man cocks his head to the side, as if impatient for answers.
This stag seems to have a crazed look in its eyes.
The fellow in the painting just looks angry and so I feel some of that is projected onto me, note his furrowed brow.
I'm not sure what it's supposed to be but the colors just annoy me.
The painting looks unfinished and the buildings look like blocks.
A naked man appears to shake his fist in anger at the on looker.
They are depicting a person of color raping a Caucasian woman
This just seems like a prude trying to butt in on a couple having a good time and it makes me angry. The angle needs to chill.
Man has always tried to keep a woman below himself even though she is equal.
The painting is too blurry and makes the trees hard to make out.
The painting looks unfinished, and the figures in the painting look more like a bunch of squiggles.
Because of the way the crowd of people are treating each other.
Anger is a bit dramatic but I feel a sense of incompleteness when I see the intricate shadow work on the face and the lack of the same detail in the clothing. It almost looks like the artist has not completed the final painting yet
The angel in the portrait has an angry expression on her face
Even though I appreciate the realism this painting offers, I find it too constrained. I know the main focus of the painting is the woman and baby, but I would appreciate a larger field of view and focus on the surrounding scenery
The painting is too blurry for me to make out proper details other than a boulder.
I can't tell if the bowl is supposed to have fruit in it or is it just painted on
Painting depicts war and death and violence against women
Because of the many chaotic shapes drawn so close together makes me feel angry.
The overly white depictions of Jesus are getting me angrier every day.
The authority figure seems to feel powerful with the sword. I am somewhat wary of this man.
Both of the women look like they're mad at each other.
The man seem to argue over the bag of grain.
Trees growing out of the pathway in a very irregular manner
the fierceful look of the man with big beard looks agony
A huge number of trees had to be cut down to build the cabins.
This looks like a catalog or something from a long time ago, it is not art.
The man looks snobbish as if he is going to say something snarky like a know-it-all.
The red colors are fiery and look violent--they inspire angry feelings.
This building looks like some type of courthouse which makes me think of all the times that black people have been treated unfairly within those walls.
The little boy's mouth is drawn tight and his eyes are wide, like he's angry about what he read.
There is hardly anything here, just looks like a bad attempt at art.
It looks like the mob is burning someone at the stake, which is scary and dangerous
I wanted to push them all on the right. It makes me angry. The ax disgusts me. I am afraid for the young being punished this way. The sadness is overwhelming and felt by those who love her on her left. I wish this artist could have not been so talented with his detail.
The swirling red tones and hunched figure have a smoldering effect.
Hunched over woman spends hours on spinning wheel until her eyes go bad.
My attention is immediately draw to his eyes, which seem to be full of anger. I found myself attempting to replicate his scowl, which in turn led me to think of something that angered me earlier in the day.
The men seem quite interested in the prospects of war and that worries me.
Sea in foreground looks deceptively calm but top of painting looks liek impending tsunami
The picture shows a crowded area with too many people it would make me angry.
the dark color and the reds make him seem angry
The lady looks mean and I do not like her expression
Who puts dead birds on clean white linens? Messy, messy people.
The dark walls, garments and expression make me think of an angry miserable slave owner.
There is an outline of furrowed eyebrows that convey a feeling of anger, and the lack of detail or color is frustrating to me.
I admire this woman's resolute stance, but the dark brown colors and her expression and hand on hip show that she has something to be angry at, perhaps her treatment as a woman in her culture.
I feel like the three girls that are together are ignoring the one alone, they should try to approach her and be her friend
This lady looks so smug, as if she's about to come through the painting and criticize you.
The way the man is running with his weapon in his hand shows anger and hatred.
the people in this poainting look like they are in blackface
He seems angry at the world, and it makes me think of things I'm mad about.
This man looks pompous and arrogant and he has a stern look on his face. He doesn't look friendly or approachable at all.
It's a mindless doodle of a woman sitting by a marsh.
The scene appears quite violent as the two sides almost surly intend to kill one another.
This rich white man, although young, looks very stern and self-serving and his arrogance shows on his face and in his stiff posture.
I am disturbed by the advances made and her resistance, she does not look like she wants to be there.
None of her people know she got off the bus a mile back and has been walking all this time trying to make it to their home.
it's annoying because this had potential to be beautiful but they got lazy and stopped early
The three women sitted look like they are gossiping but they could be gossiping about the woman standing far from them because she turned around while she was in a fair distance from them walking away.
This man is atop a horse with a gun, and it makes me think he's about to go on a foxhunt.
The man riding the horse is using it as his own personal slave.
The battle continues even in the midst of the setting sun.
The ginger bearded man looks angry at something.
There's just something about red and orange that always puts me in "fight" mode. These are just flowers, but I feel like I need to pull them out of the vase and stomp them to death.
He looks like a stereotypical dictator. He has that stern look that gives me the do as I say not as I do feeling.
A man sitting on a horse and also using the animal to pull a heavy material
The soldiers seem to be preparing for a day of bloodshed. I am saddened to see their actions.
this lady looks proud and haughty due to her expression
The sun looks like an angry, red fire on the horizon
The stern expression on her face makes me think that she has wrong someone.
The man seems to have an angered look on his face.
The woman has an impatient look on her face.
the mans blank stare reflects his folded frozen hands.
I'm not sure why this picture makes me angry. Something about teh way the girls are holding each other. They may be in in awe, but it feels more frightening.
Figures on right displaced by war, placated by soldiers
That woman does not seem amused to be here.
The detail is so bad here, I just feel pissed off like I have been cheated.
These two bulls look like they are very angry while trying to attack with their horns directly in each others heads.
The eybrows, facial expression, and crossed arms tells me that he is about to deal some rough punishment.
Why does every depiction of Jesus have to make him look European?
Mother Mary's stern face is not consistent with the tale of Jesus's birth in the manger.
The man gives a scowling look when he is looking up.
This portrait of this young man as he is scowling makes me mad.  The artist could have chosen another muse for this image.
The man in the picture is very intimidating. This is because he is dressed all in black and he seems to be looking down on the woman, who is seated. He also seems to be judging her, because he has his hand on his chin.
I hate the colors they look bunched up and I am not sure why for example there is brown at the top of that green bush and nowhere else and the white what looks like birds but not anything like a bird
The way his eyebrow is raised makes me feel like he is accusing me of something. I don't like the casual way he is sitting either. Great level of realism though.
the broom he carries reminds me of poverty and life's woes.
That girl should not be sitting upon that dog.  He looks like he's had about enough of it, too.
This looks like it belongs in a five year olds coloring book, there's very few clean lines.
The stern dark woman scowls at the beauty beside her
This woman is very upity with her upturned nose and fancy necklace.  I don't like her at all.
the red color on make it attractive and the other color like green and yellow make it beautiful
The red attire seems to elicit a sense of fury with the struggle taking place.
The king probably didn't earn his title but he's making people kneel to him.
The horse looks like it is angry and charging at something
The squiggly lines and multi colors make it seem like it was rushed in its completion.
This man looks like he is going to beat someone, like a slave in those days.
The man with the long beard looks like he's upset about something.
This man in this picture looks like he is scowling and very upset
The face of the man bothers me and seems to be hostile
The way he holds his head and the look in his eyes makes me think he pretentious and I dislike him slightly.
the way the black lines are just drew every which way makes it seem that they was mad when they drew this picture.
A picture of a smug entittled queen who does not care about her people. Makes me angry.
it looks weird because the picture is very geometric and loosen the emotion
Somebody attacked the man and spray-painted him over his entire body.
What a truly terrible and ugly painting some trees in the back ground but what is that in the front
I grimace to think about how much pain she is in to be cinched up so tight.
the man in black in the middle looks serious like he is mad at something with the other men.
I'm tired of seeing painting of fruit and plants sitting on top of a table.
Danger! Is she a captive? Have they drugged and kidnapped her? I feel danger in the dark and foreboding colors, and her shadowed, anonymous face.
I can't quite place why I feel angry immediately upon seeing this. It's almost as if the chair represents the whole foundation of the church and the horrendous things they have done and he is sitting there stoically as if there's nothing wrong.
the mans facial expression and posture seem very tense, like he is upset
The raging waters are relentless and powerful for all that dare gets in its way.
This painting evokes anger as it looks like the man was defending  the lady since she looks hurt
People are using horses to pull wagons around like they are slaves.
The people seem ready to riot in this tense photo.
The painting seems to be telling the story of greedy rich people denying the poor help and assistance and the wealthy have a stuck up feeling about them.
The wealthy people appear to overpower the less fortunate people looking up at them.
I do not like the man's face or his expression
Terrible snowy day that I would not like to be trapped in the power is out and everyone is cold
The man in white is holding an object in his hand that could possibly be used as a weapon of protection.
The dog seems angry and ready to attack!
The odd proportions give an uneasy feeling.
I'm angry for the killing, upset at the war.  So much senseless hate in this type of picture - and it's often glorified to bring honor to the young.
I feel like this has details missing from it, like empty spaces and it pisses me off.
The men seem to be walking towards a common destination with determination.
the dark colors and shading added with the downward strokes give the man an angry look.  its forceful.
Sorceress embedded and imprinted in our psyche, sent to hypnotize us into suppression.  I wish she could not speak!
The use of red only to draw this hurts my eyes and makes me angry.
The background colors makes the paintings looks like pollution from the earth
The dark tones match the look of disdain on his face, he judges without knowing.
The fruit looks very nice, but I'm frustrated with the lack of color.
The soldier looks very dark and gloomy, it looks as if he is on the wrong side of a terrible war.
His mustache reminds me of hitler
The way this man standing sternly and his dark darting eyes feels like she upset and angry!
Heavy strokes suggest anger, militristic power, the crushing of innocense
Despair - The Men on the horses are wearing the same colors as the people on the road side but that is only similarity the people on the road side seem to be in a state of hopelessness and it makes me anger. They might share the same colors but not the same life
The drawing ends abruptly.  Why was it not finished?
I do not like the look on their face and it irks me
It feels like the artist is angry at this village. The buildings are horizontal slashes. The wall feels sinister. The worker looks like a slave. Only the dogs/wolves look like they are enjoying themselves.
The people on the top level are dressed rather upscale whilst those on the floor beneath them are a dirty huddled mass of brown and lack; this is an upsetting metaphor for class structure.
The woman seems annoyed with something in the distance.
the man standing by the building looks like he's up to no good
This woman's facial expression feels like she is upset or angry with eyes slanted sideways and her mouth is pouting!
the erased look of their faces makes them seem spooky
there is anger in the women's faces like the viewer interrupted a romantic evening.  the dog does not look happy
The squinted eyes and raised eyebrows and drawn mouth feels like this girl is very angry with getting her picture taken.
The man seems intent on carrying out his mission with axe held tightly in hand.
Skepticism and arrogance abound in the expression of this half-completed portrait.
A man in the water holding a matured sea turtle in a gruesome manner
An awful way of punishing people that leads to disgust
It makes me angry that these peasants, drawn in harsh black and white, Have to work so hard digging into hard ground.
the subject of the bust has a very serious scowl on their face
The woman sitting in the chair looks very mean and nasty.
What's with all the blue?  That much blue is depressing to look at.
Feel like I am spying on a quaint little town from behind some trees
Why did this lady doze off and why must an armed guared be the one to awaken her, perhaps it's her in mourning or in a swoon.
The people are trying to enjoy the outdoors while a ship in the distance is pumping out black smoke, causing pollution.
The man appears annoyed to have his portrait painted.
The building feels off center despite the ornate doors and windows
The people are tied together and pulling each other like during the days of slave trade
Not sure of this painting, looks like a girl got hurt, there is blood on her arms and on her dress. I felt angry she is hurt..
Piercing eyes start out at the viewer, the stern man clutching his notes.
I am angry at the cold of this winter day as the clouds block all sunlight and the dog refuses to go to the bathroom on his walk.
Hate these sort of barely able to see the picture and the face is not at all easily recognizable nor do i have any idea what expression or how old she is
The tight lips on the woman's face show that she is full of anger
Since she is nude and not looking at the camera, it appears she is unaware she is being viewed.
This image is filled with so much hatred, fear and anger
One might think this pretty woman is in a pleasant situation, but the world around her is mostly dark and the look on her face says she is trapped in the role of being pretty and holding fan and flower.
The man looks evil and looks like someone I'd hate
The man's eyes are very narrow and the dark coloring make him look evil.
On a gray day, an overseer forces two young enslaved children to work hard chopping wood with axes in hand.
Why does he have a balled up pair of woman's panties in his overcoat?
The painting reminds me of all of the molestation cases in the Catholic church.
The deer was murdered just so somebody could hang it's head on the wall.
This man is way too old to be carried around like a baby.
The angry grays and dark.colors remind me that winter will soon be here.
Everything about this man makes him feel unapproachable, from his groomed facial hair, tiny glasses, beady eyes, and the way he does not look forward.
The dark figure drinking in this scene is certainly evil
The expression in the man's eyes looks mad and I do not like the dark colors.
The spectators seem to be looking in one direction with great intensity.
Was excited to see the painting and as I scrolled down saw that it was unfinished
The statue has a shadowed back as a reminder that people have a dirty backside.
The man seems somewhat upset by his portrait being taken. I find his look quite mean.
Normally rich people posing looks disgusting but her smug look makes me hate her.
The colors in this picture give the person a very hostile vibe.
I do not like the grim look of the room
The purple complexion helps intensify the man's harsh stare.
I want it to have more detail because I might like the scene if there was more detail.
The leashes being pulled tight around the dogs next looks like it is uncomfortable for them.
This looks like it was made to look faded on purpose and it is just super annoying.
The really dark drawings and bold lines make me think of these men as if they were destructing the land for their own good.
I do not like the arrogant look on the face of the man
I feel like she's being forced to work on something that has a lot of time pressure while the other people are just waiting and not helping.
The man appears quite upset with a decision or action from soneone.
Rough, crude lines make this individual seem unrefined and angry.
The face in the painting looks like it is upset looking at me
The god like pose imposes the masajnistic and infalabel view that is religion.
The way his face is scrounged up and his fist is clenching the paper is sense alot of anger and rage. The dark colors of this also add to the anger I see.
I just don't have good feelings about noblemen of this bloody, brutal era.
The facial expression and his eyesight makes me feel very angry that he's actually staring at me
The fruit looks old and out of shape but it is still being proffered.
Nailing humans to a cross is barbaric
the human painted yellow make the painting easy to understand and the other color make it beautiful
The man seems quite violent and intent to do harm because of war.
She looks like the painter upest her and she is about to punch him in the face. The light colors around her also make it look like she is positioned uncomfortably.
Mad that the bird can only look upon his natural habitat rather than enjoy it; captivity
The woman's eyes look as dark as a midnight thunderstorm.
European image of Jesus that as always has to be all white.
This persons pursed lips make me feel like their parents forced them to sit for this painting.
This is another one of those things that outrages me as an animal lover. The artwork itself is excellently done. I love the detail in the horses' muscles. The hips on the white horse are especially detailed and realistic. I also like the texture of the chainmail on the knights. But still, all I see is horses being used, abused and hurt for the amusement of men. Makes me furious. That raw spot/splash of blood across the belly of the white horse and the terrified eyes and mouth of the black one make me want to punch all those people in the stands AND on the horses' backs in the mouth.
The barrier between the commiserating figures has a sense of tension.
the ritual called sattipratha,where the womwn is burned on demise for her husband.
The woman appears quite filled with rage as she stares onward at something unknown.
The weight of this woman's headdress echoes the discomfort of needing to dress like this that shows in her face that resolutely accepts her fate.
I don't live there, so I am stuck in a city and want to bomb it.
War!  and the stark black makes one feel anger
The look on his face strikes me as he's angry.
A stern young woman faces the viewer while three figure labor in their seats.  In the back a mother addresses a younger child.  Is this a depiction of slave life?
I dislike the man and his face that seems to be accusing someone of something
The trees and the sky are painted in a military camoflauge style and the people below are very tiny and seem abject.
It looks like on the left side there's smoke stacks that would be spreading coal ash across the landscape.
The angry looking clouds seem to dominate the colorful country scene.
The man seems very annoyed with some issue.
The image is so cramped and cluttered that the effect is confusing to the viewer.
The people are too lazy to walk themselves, so they are using horses as their personal slaves.
The black and white color make it look like old days picture. The color make it beautiful
The man's facial expression makes him seem focused, but much more than that, angry.
Women are often seen as just breasts and sexual organs but they are so much more than this.
The white horse is being treated like a slave, having to pull a wagon down the street.
The orange, red, and purple colors plus the movement of the clouds and the water make me feel angry.
Shaqrp lines, muddy indestinct shapes, dark and frightening ambiance.
The way she holds her hand to her chin and the facial expressions makes it an angry picture.
The two almost seem hell bent on yelling too loudly at one another.
The woman seems to almost look down on me from her point of view.
His face looks like he thinks he's better than you
I love animals just about more than anything else in this world, and my eye was automatically drawn to that dog. Now, it COULD be sleeping, I suppose, but the way it is drawn, it looks dead, and that just infuriates me. Even if it isn't dead, it doesn't look okay, and all those uppity women are just walking right by it without stopping to see if it's okay. That pisses me off.
This woman was sunbathing and somebody stole her clothing while she was asleep.
The general seems quite intent on the prospects of war.
The commander dressed in full uniform with sword at his side stands in a lit profile that shows the arrogance with which he views his position in life.
This horse has been walking for too long and carrying too heavy of a load.
This woman is sitting on a bench with wet yellow paint because there was no warning.
He looks mad, like he is having a bad conversation. Makes me feel angry.
It looks as if the men are going to war and the painting feels aggressive.
man looking intensenly in the lake as if requesting to swallow him .
the person looks angry and exhausted which makes me feel that way too
the man looks like an evil war general with his stern cruel looking face
The red and orange hues are abrupt and evoke anger in me.
A pompous stern looking king looks out at the viewer, the image of privilege.
This young man is bound by his white ascot and by his role as a superior member of society, and his face shows the arrogance he bears toward the world.
The anger on the face of the priest, the worry on the face of the woman, and the man kneeling before both evoke emotional intensity.
The painting depicts a girl running away from a man chasing her with bad intentions.
A boy almost naked chasing a girl looks irritating
The person in the scene looks to be irritated.
the mans wrinkles look like he is smirking and raising his eyebrow in anger towards someone.
The face is eye catching and the expression is one of anger.
A woman doing all the house work getting ready
That is an aweful painting I mean that woman's face barely seems human and is she reading or about to eat whatever that white thing in her hand is
She looks upset that the painter is painting her. The dark colors make he look upset and uncomfortable. The pursed lips don't help.
The very serious expression on his face gives off an angry vibe
this is likely a bad man, with the guard in the corner he is in prison, and perhaps enjoying his last meal witht eh table and candles.
I'm not sure what this painting is actually supposed to be portraying, but the way they are holding the man towards the middle of the line looks so aggressive. It looks like they are leading him to some kind of very bad punishment.
It is frustrating to look at, because it is so faint. I want it to be more clear. Also, the figure appears to be angry.
The man has a scowl on his face and he looks like he is very upset with something.
The man has a stern look on his face like he is reading something that makes him angry.
The man appears to be in a daze and it makes me mad to see
Everything about this painting invokes anger. The brown/red colors and the discontent look on the person's face doesn't make me feel happy.
This gentleman is helping her across the pond, but you can't see his eyes. I think he's about to take advantage of her.
The man almost seems about to explode with rage as he looks onward.
The man is wearing dark colors and has such a serious and stern look on his face.
It's hard enough for the horse to carry the man, but it has to carry his armor as well.
The tree at the focal point of the painting looks spiky and angry.
This looks like someone's private journal entry and I feel like we're violating their privacy by viewing it.
the man is drawn in dark blue which reflects his mood on his face.
the woman on the right seems to be watching this other person labor with difficulty and isn't helping
What is with all these soft edge and hazy paintings?  All of them are hard to find the finer details.
this man looks like he's killed many people
This woman is going to get a crick in her neck from holding the vase that way for a painting.
I don't know if this is a feline or a fox. It looks like a feline to me. I'm extremely allergic to cats and hate them.
wicked and evil man ,unhappy over something as he looks away.
The lady looks to be quite arrogant to me
Someone started to make a nice piece of art then someone else came and scribbled all over it.
Little girl is so rich she can afford to play in the grass in an expensive white dress.
I see and feel anger in the eyes of the tribal leader looking to avenge a past wrong.
The facial expression on this  man's face feels upset and angry with his scowl and drawn down mouth.
It seems like a nice day in the country that's been interrupted by someone who has some bad news.
I know it looks like this woman is having a good time, but this man is taking advantage of her.
I see a mass of thorny plants with red flowers and don't like them.
The woman seems unimpressed having to pose for the portrait.
The woman in the drawing looks like shes shying away from the viewer like the viewer is walking in on her naked, it feels wrong.
Soon as I seen the man: Johnny Depp! I hate Johnny Depp, dude sucks as an actor. Automatically turns me off the painting.
These children look unsettled like they are about to be separated from their mother.
What an annoying painting its cracked faded and the colors are terrible as well
This painting of a man who looks angry.
The man aiming his gun at something that's most likely alive angers me.
This painting makes me feel like I am cheating on my husband because I'm looking at a painting of a naked man
The person's small eyes, wrinkles, frown, and dark clothes look very unwelcoming and not pleasant to look at.
The dark trees look like an uninviting place to hike.
I do not like the face of the person or their expression
The person wears an evil smirk while regarding the viewer directly.
Why is this painting giving me such a dirty look from the corner of their eye?
The smoke stacks in the back look like they'll be covering the whole area in coal ash.
The weapons, along with the way the men are portrayed in the image, represents so much anger and death.
The woman seems to be treated like a slave by the cocky men.
The red sash around the man's waist makes me think he could be a matador. Matadors are cruel to bulls.
It makes me feel like they are in war and about to do some senseless killing where innocent people will get hurt.
The room is a fiery reddish orange color so it seems furious
The expression and his hand showed anger that I can feel his emotions.
The stren face and straight lip with the beading eyes show a man who is angry at the world.
There is so much anger and bloodshed in this image that there’s an underlying fear of death
The sky is angry and gets the message across unleashing the lightning tearing the tree apart. And now I feel fear from the people that are experiencing this storm. The chaos and darkness released from the sky demands respect or else.
The man is angry with what he sees in the distance.
This looks like another Bible scene I don't recognize.
The eyebrows look mean, plus the sketch marks look short, spiky, and angry.
The two men in this photo look as though they are up to no good.
The color black accentuates the cold, angry stare made by the woman.
The horses are being abused by people too lazy to pull the wagon around themselves.
The man seems to hate the idea of painting.
The items to the left in the painting are obscure, blurry or not painted well; distortion
The palace looks like it only welcomes important people.
The camel is being forced to carry somebody and all of their supplies across the dry desert.
the reds on the face shows anger.
For some reason the way this looks so faded really upsets me.
A man seems to be reading a book to a young girl who look so distracted
The children in the picture look very stern and made in their facial expressions.
The woman's expression here, along with the blacks and browns used in the background, make the viewer feel frustrated and upset.
Red is the color of anger and his furrowed brows add to that feeling.
the man looks like a very mean boss
Reminiscent of my grandmother and her siblings picking cotton as sharecroppers in Southeast US
This painting is very bright and dynamic, and it is hard to make out what is what. This angers/upsets the viewers.
Confusion and animosity populate the religious man's face after reading a passage from a holy book.
There's just soo much red that I want to smash this fruit.
Looking away from someone is ignoring them. This creates anger and frustration from this piece of art.
The man's face seems quite downcast and I almost seem to find them sharing terrible secrets between the two.
the way his eyes are cut across makes him seem angry
The prominent color red against such a dark and ominous background signifies building anger.
Perhaps innocent when created, this painting has a whole new meaning in the 21st century world and as such brings anger at the reminder of betrayal by trusted people.
I do not like the overly stern face of the man
The child in front seems to be up to something from the expression on his face. Probably a troublemaker.
The man is in deep thought as he contemplates what to do.
Pretty painting but the words are distracting
This man's facial expression feels very much upset and angry with his eyebrows narrowing downward and glaring mean  eyes!
The artist regards the viewer with an angry and disapproving expression.
An angry orange man wields a paint brush.
The staring look in this woman's eyes and pouting lips in her facial expression feels very much like is is upset with what she sees!
This man is rich and obviously owns slaves.
The portrait of this man makes him look like a colonizer.
The way the men are trying to restrain the horse shows anger and hatred.
The woman looks uncomfortable and like she is laying next to something bloody
The bright moon lights up the huge statue of some sort of conqueror on his horse and the massive offical building, while below the people and horses are tiny and anonymous.
The colors are autumnal and there's a harvest but it almost looks as if these many workers are being forced to gather the crops by a man in the background who sits on a horse drawn cart.
This woman's glaring eyes and pouting red lips feels like she is upset and angry with what she is thinking about!
The portrait of this commander reminds of a man who has committed autrocities against other peoples.
Why do arts paint men that look so angry. Looking at him I did feel he has such anger in his face.
Another depiction of Jesus the white guy who was born in the Middle East.
Another European image of what people think religious figures must have looked like.
The way she stares at her young child reminds me of poverty.
the eagle looks like he just killed a bird and he is looking stright at you with those deep dark eyes.
The man has a grumpy look upon his face.
The man's facial expression suggests he's an angry neighbor and he's holding a gun and a dog.
The harsh look of the man in this image makes it fairly clear that something is afoot.
I would say I'm annoyed because I think it would be a scene that I would like if it had more detail.
Did someone add the pencil drawings of Gone With the Wind?
I just want to get some crayons and color this blah picture.
Her anger is rubbing off on me and making me angry! Not so sure what she is so mad about.
If she is nursing her baby, why is it all MEN pushing in to watch?
The man's posture, the extended arm, the way his hair is standing up all suggest to me that he is yelling at someone.
This looks like a pompous wealthy privileged man from his day and his arrogance makes me angry.
The woman is shown in an extremely vulnerable position of nakedness and her facial expression indicates she is suffering.
A man with a big nose and heavy silk black robes looks at the viewer.
The woman seems irritated as she turns her head.
The horse is being forced to carry two people who are more than capable of carrying themselves.
Her crossed arms held against her stomach and the slightly squint eyes make it appear that she in angry about something. So do the tight red lips.
This woman looks like she just had an argument and she is angry. The picture makes me feel Angry.
A crowded gathering makes me hate social distancing.
The man's eyes seem to portray a picture of anger and disdain.
The expression on this woman's face belies the jaunty red flower in her hair and hints that she has to play this role and has a lot to overcome, as is also demonstrated by the color of face and flower emerging out of a dark background.
The patterned robe seems to have angry eyes and sharp teeth looking at you.
They are causing pollution by mining minerals
Not only does this make me sad as Jesus is dead in the painting - but the colors are dark, gloomy and horrific
This looks like it was done by a middle schooler, the buildings are not even straight. This is not art.
I feel like this lady is angry which in turn kind of makes me angry.
The man in the picture appears to be wearing an army veteran coat.  With this in mind, he also looks homeless and run down.  We should treat our veterans better.
The woman sit's on the man's lap and she treat him like a horse. I feel angry as it seems to promote feminism
A spectacled man sits in front a mouthless woman. Truly she is voiceless.
I personally dislike the Politic-Catholic bonded period and this picture angers me because of the background story and the meaning of this painting
White pirates are deemed to be positive & acceptable but black African pirates are seen as terrors. They are all terrible. They all steal and do horrible things.
There is a person lying on her face, and somebody is going to step on them.
This person seems to show his anger, one hand in his pocket and something that could be a weapon showing in the other hand. The painting is a nice painting but it does show some anger.
The city obstructed by beams creates a sense of being 'caged off'
The red background makes me think of blood rushing to the head
Angry clouds with the wind blowing around open fields. The harvest was taken up and now its all bales of hay.
There appears to be some sort of hostilities being presented between the differing groups of people.
I don't have a way to contextualize this subject so I don't understand who these men are but they look angry and mean so I don't like having to look at this painting since it isn't pretty either.
I do not like the look on her face. It seems very cold and mean
The lavish formality of this scene and the men's uniforms creates a sense of exclusivity as though the men are all part of a very exclusive club.
The woman looks angry because her lips are thin and her eyes are piercing.
A holier than thou, image of a stern looking man with praying hands and judging eyes.
The strong lines of this drawing and his expressions makes this man look like he wants to dominate other people.
The subject of the painting is drawn in a state of anger.  The eyebrows, placement of the eyes, and shading  all suggest that the subject is yelling.
All the animals being hunt just for sport and entertaining
It is a boring painting, because it looks like simple stained glass windows at a church.
The woman is lost in a red haze as she schemes and rages about something that has happened.
I'm angry because I keep seeing these lovely bouquet of flowers that I can't be around because of my allergies.
The man looks like he is mistreating the horse.
He had to fire his carriage driver as he was sleeping with his wife.
It's World War One and these men are lying in a pile of dead bodies in the trenches.
this man looks very spoilt, pompous and privileged and I dislike his expression.
The artist appears to have scribbled out this drawing with little effort or concern for the viewer.
I do not like this picture the back of the man is really bright and detailed, but the horse is not. so the man is the focal point which is fine but you only see the back of him.
A woman appears to seethe with rage in the dark red gloom of her apartment.
The horse looks like it's in pain because of the way its neck is bent, while the woman doesn't seem to care.
This picture is good but the dark color makes it really hard to separate colors
The standing woman appears to be scorning the woman bent over the chair.
The third figure from the left looks like Lenin to me, making me feel like this is some Soviet propaganda or something
The harsh lines and dark colors evoke anger.
The deep stare in her dark eyes looks like she is angry and upset at what she is looking at!
I can feel the hatred in this women's eyes. She feels used and fed up by her situation.
I don't like seeing people have to beg for something.
The stern expression on her face and the knife in her hand make i clear that she doesn't want to be cooking, and for that reason I am upset that she is cooking.
This crowd of people is not practicing social distance measures.
The artist has not only decimated the women's faces, he or she has also degraded the work with an incomplete drawing in the left column.
Protesters deface the old slave auction house in New Orleans Louisiana.
The people are begging for their leader to help them while the leader just sit and commanding from his throne.
His facial expression makes me feel like he's questioning me
The man must confront his brother about him trying to steal his company.
The person watching them looks like he's gripping that thing really tight, like he's angry at them which makes me kind of angry at him
The orange and red represent the anger in the women's faces.
This angel has eyes looking down with anger at what she sees and doesn't approve of what is going on!
The placement of the book and pallete seem very fake and he looks pretentious
Frustrating to look at, almost an alien feel to it that upsets me inside.
It is Jesus carrying his own cross and being chided for His pain and suffering.
The man has a very arrogant look on his face.
It looks like an angel is pinned to a wall with arrows
The left side of the painting makes the image look rushed.
The lady in the white is resting her face against her hand and has a stiff face,while the lady is laying on her.
The child looks like he's curling up and the father looks like he's banishing him, it seems unjust
The evil looking man appears to have triumphed over the good looking man.
The men's heated debate turned in to an all out fight.
The angry diagonal lines show that these women are slaves being forced to work against their wills.
This man looks upset and put out, I think he could hurt someone.
the man appears to be forceful and angry at the woman
This man's puffy red eyes with slanted eyebrows has a look of anger and distrust on his badly sunburned wrinkled forehead and face.
The man on the left looks like he is sorrowful or regretful as he watches the cross, likely used in crucifixion, being construction. Perhaps he is Judas?
The vulnerability of the naked people and the way the person standing with his hands tied up in the air  for everyone to see shows is inhumane and horrible
It reminds that of a history ruled by tyrants.
The way this man's eyebrows are slanted downward and the squinting of his eyes feels like he is angry and upset!
It appears the teacher may be using his stick to discipline the students.  His expression is also smug and ugly.
The painting makes me kind of angry cause it really hurts my eyes since it is so blury and i cant tell what it is really.
The faces throughout the piece are sparking anger and disgust.
my gut is that this is a poor image, though rendered well, perhaps it is the clouds that anger me
It is the irony of the woman delivering John the Baptist's head onto a platter to King Herod during a grand dinner. King Herod appears to say he doesn't want it.
Dark heavy lines accented by curves speak of a dire situation and efforts to change something, the man is trying to take back what's his.
The man with the long beard looks like he's angry about something.
The boy in in the red shirt's body position shows vulnerability, as if he is being abused. The woman on the left blowing into the musical instrument suggests ridicule.
all of the people look scared and appear to be ready to go to war
One ballet dancer is expressing anger and to stand back with her hand to another who is trying to get her point across!
This stern, tight-lipped expression on the man's face seems to be laced with pride and a desire to conquer.
shame controls this work as a woman is trying to cover up her female parts, The person in blue with the sour face  trying to shame a nude woman.
When we see emotions on people's faces, we tend to mimic it without realizing. His stern gaze puts me in the same mood as his.
There are ships aflame in the background, yet he has the time to pose for a protrait
The dress is just kind of knocking everything over, it doesn't look like she cares about out surroundings
A hunter shot down a bird for sport and left it for dead
I like the simplicity of color. The image is varies in shades of gray whit and black. The man standing has a mean tone and gives the entire picture a tone of madness.
My eyes are immediately drawn to his hand. It looks like he is waiting at a bar and about to roofie someone.
The woman seems to be angry at the man that stands behind her.
A man in white has been shot in the back as his comrades watch him die in the street.
I find the contrast of the man's armor, and the woman's complete, naked vulnerability, maddening.
The man looks angry; likes he's scolding someone.
The gray color scheme gives the picture a disappointed feeling, along with the look of disappointment on the mans face.
The woman has an contemptuous look on her face.
This group of Indians are in violent war with each other with guns and knifes while one is holding a human scalp!
The uncleared table looks like the person who was in the room, left in a hurry to leave the items on the table.
This image depicts concern at the thought processes in the subject. The downturned mouth and the eyes being narrowed give a definite sense of anger.
the look on the lady's face is one of anger
Very violent and it is something that disgusts me the colors speak of the anger of the art
This woman has a very angry expression on her face.
The outstretched pleading arm of the girl and the angry raised arms of the man gives me the impression that there seems to be something barbaric taking place (further enhanced by their lack of clothing), while there are those around powerless to stop it.
It appears that this woman is being publicly shamed.  The painting isn't bad but the subject matter is angering.
The man with the sword looks like he's mad about something.
I don't like the two people locked in the cage.
The entire image looks like pencil scribbles to me.
I can feel the anger of the person. His expression and his eyebrows are up. He looks angry.
Hey, this is my dressing room, not yours.
The man has an angry expression and his eyes are narrowed to slits.
It looks like those poor women were killed by something
Even tho they are just cutting down a tree, those red/orange colors remind me of anger.
I love roses. This depiction is not realistic enough nor abstract enough to bring me enjoyment
The woman looks like she would be snobby.
Seeing the person with the shovel makes me think of slavery.
This one feels cluttered and also looks as though the dog is missing his head.
The expression on the mask looks like it's very mad about something.
the person has a very angry look on their face, also the x depicts that something is wrong or bad
I can feel the anger of the man that comes from all over his body.
Mr. Harper is a very hardworking man , everyone kn ows this especially since his brothers and sons left him there after the feud.
the man looks angry in this picture, like it is a waste of his time
the image doesnt make sense it has not sense of order
It looks like the village is burned down with fire.
messy no perspective and the horizon is lazy
These people seem to be harrassing the horse.
The face of the horse on the left makes it look as though it is in extreme pain.
The horses are being used as slaves to carry people around.
This naked man looks angry with his slanted eyes and he's giving directions with his hand extended outward.
It's too simplistic and blocky, and the entire product feels childish and ill-defined
It makes me think someone took a picasso painting and stuck it outside in a rain storm.
It appears the mother is physically punishing the child
I find nudes irritating and I'm not a feminist woman but what bothers me is, I don't believe actual woman are just lounging on sofas all naked and splayed out like artists seem to want to portray. Maybe back then they did, but I highly doubt it. It looks like victorian smut designed to be gratuitous. Like at least put a context about why she'd be naked, but no, it's supposed to be assumed that woman just are desperate to lie around naked for no reason. I call bs.
Horses and donkeys are being used to pull wagons around the dock against their will.
the posture of this nude lady makes it appear as if she is dead
The way the black man blends in with the black horse makes them both look dangerous, even though the horse is being treated like a slave.
The black coloring along with the messy, harsh white lines looks like the artist was getting out their anger and aggression.
A building in the back is pumping smoke into the air that is going to pollute the surrounding environment.
These roosters seem to be angry and fighting and creating chaos.
The subject has angry wild eyes that is depicted through contrast of dramatic lines consistent with the rest of the painting.
The centralized position of scratchy pattern has a nervous energy.
The female nudes in an otherwise commonplace picnic scene are gratuitous and offensive. It's another example of women being portrayed as naked entertainment objects. Most women do not suddenly strip naked during a group event, and the naked women look ludicrous and out of place. These naked portrayals have lost any sense of being a character or having personality and are just naked focal points.
The horse is being used like a slave against it's will to pull the wagon.
Eh. This is just so muddy looking and I am not into it.
I don't think the colors work well together in this painting. It looks unorganized and chaotic to me.
the expression on the woman's face reminds me of my angry mother
this looks like she might be working on a plantation and i dont like it
I feel like this is a powerful woman who is a ten-count away from expressing her pent-up anger to this man. Did he just grope her?
Why do I feel anger when I am asked to review artwork like this.I get defensive because I want to say it's ugly and I don't understand why the artist want me to feel ugliness and get defensive. I feel stupid and it does not feel good. It is not something that I find offensive.  I do like the way the hair looks. The hair makes me think this artist is talented.
This is scribbling, not art and it's hard to make anything out other than a wheel.
the unkempt facial hair combines with his downward eye position gives a sense that he is not to me trusted
I'm angry that women of that age had to completely cover up which is ridiculous from society.
It looks like a child watching a neighborhood burn from their tree house.
Wild and bold brushstrokes evoke strong feelings while the waters are calm, the hillside and sky is crazy angry.
This man's scowling round eyes look like he is mad and he has a cut above his eyebrow with blood on his knuckles.
The man's facial expression shows that he is upset about something.
I absolutely hate bull fighting. I think it's a brutal sport, so I am not into this painting.
Hard to see for definite but it looks as though the bull is being beaten by one of the figures.
Their nipples are too tiny and their necks and noses are too long.
The man in red is riding the horse, treating it like it is his slave.
The way this child's arm is hanging over the chair makes it look like they are uncomfortable and thinking bad thoughts. The red background also contributes to the angry feeling.
the painting is so bright that i cant see enough detail
I'm frustrated with this piece since it's so dark it's hard to make out.
his facial expression makes him look like he is up to no good and will do something bad.
I am angry when I see this painting because the woman is beating the lady so unfair.
The brush strokes look so rough and thick, like the artist was in a fit of rage just hitting the canvas
this image looks confusing and makes me upset
this plant is lacking color and surrounded by evil darkness
Volunteer nurses pick over dead bodies after battle so they can find gold teeth and loose change.
It looks like a painting of army fighters that was left out in the rain.
He will never be forgiven for ll the misery he brought upon this family.
I feel angry, this family clearly is very tight nit. However the young girl in the white dress is being driven by evil, which you can see depicted in the painting. She is scared and reaching out for help.
the man looks very self-assured and cocky
This man looks angry like he wants to hurt somebody
This makes me think of colonial times. It doesn't seem like they're up to something good.
Image is too blotchy which I do not like.
Everybody on the path looks like they're fighting each other.
This women seems to be saving a lover or friend from her fathers contempt.
The goat appears angry to have been tied up.
the man looks like he is taking an angry poop
Found myself sleeping on rock slabs. Why do I keep doing this. I am angry at myself.
This man has glaring narrow eyes that look upset and his crooked mouth feels angry with what he sees!
The man has a scowl on his face and looks angry.
The subject looks angry and violent like a mob boss.
The man doesn't look like he cares at all about the scary look on the horse's face.
People walking in the town makes me hate social distancing.
The ship is puffing out white smoke, polluting the air.
Looks like they're planning something bad in the dim light.
This makes me want to see more of the painting.
I can't wait till this is over!
The animal is being used against it's will to pull a wagon across the sand.
She reminds me of Rose from the Titanic movie..I hated that movie.
the whole image is bland and unimpressive to me
The dead fish have been brutally taken from their natural homes.
This man's expression is like he is angry at someone and is taking it out on me.
The man looks aggravated by the fact he is having his portrait done.
This looks like a mess of black and white, and I feel mad at the artist for painting it.
The men dressed in black and white look very serious as they march the steps.
His expression gives me a sense of controlled anger or negative emotion. I want to give him his space. I feel a sense of being locked out.
It reminds me of Charlie Brown, and I'm not a fan of Charlie Brown.
The wide, round and stern eye expression with pouting lips feels like this person is upset and angry!
This looks like someone was on drugs and tried to paint something weird. It looks bad and dumb
there looks to be some scratching of the floor in a murderous way
the colors bleed together in a way that hurts my eyes
Angry jagged lines indicate extreme tension in this picture.
the lady looks bored and obnoxious i dont like it
The horse is being treated as a slave, being ridden by somebody against its own will.
Battle in the desert, horses trying to run through the sands. Killing and bloodshed.
There area of green flourishing area which seem to be trying to thrive but is surrounded by dark , drab , dirty menancing colors
What is the point of this drawing. It angers me because this artist thinks they are so smart because anybody could draw something like this. No real thought behind it. It makes me mad that my time is wasted. The color combination is not pretty. It just makes me angry.
The fierce battle scene shows anger and strong power.
I do not like the look in the eye of the lady cause it looks deceitful.
The lack of color or actual picture makes it boring to look at.
The man in the picture looks like he has an angry scowl on his face.
This man's facial expression with his slanted red eyes and pouting mouth feels like he is angry and upset!
The artist painted a bad picture of mohammed bin salman. I did feel somewhat angery looking at him..
The face of the man looks like very serious and mean.
This person look angry with uneven eyes while acting like he has stolen something and running away!
The sailor has his arms folded and looks angry, and the nude man appears humiliated.
The woman looks upset to and does not look to be enjoying her portrait.
The smokestacks in the background look like they are pumping black pollution into the air.
This poor woman's hands are gnarled and twisted from a lifetime of doing other people's laundry.
Child looks scared, which makes me angry.
The red and orange color with the expression of the man represent anger and resentment.
The expression on the man face looks angry also the dark brown's and black make me feel kinda depressed.
The thing I don't like about this is that 1) it's a bit tooo abstract and 2), it's probably a summer scene, and women are probably dressed in heavy wool clothes.
the image doesnt have color alot of building clustered together in chaos
It makes me think its third wave feminist propaganda.
Painted in dull browns, this guy looks like he's being shot for no reason.
It looks like the woman is not allowed to rest in peace.
He looks like he's going to take pleasure in doing bad things to her with his night stick.
He looks very angry so it makes me angry, knowing that he is mad
Who in the world is having a meal in front of jesus as he is in the middle of dying in the cross in the distance
The painting makes no sense from a geographical perspective with New York by the Pacific Ocean which makes me angry.
The boats seem to crash and bang in the crowded port.
This image has few details and is annoying for that reason.
there is a lot of chaos and violence
This man's glaring upset eye expression on his face feels like he is mad about what he sees!
Upsetting sky, dark water, a dark day. This left me with the feeling like the sky, Anger.
A man with a weird face espression, he's wearing a white shirt and black jeans, the background is gray
It doesn't look well-made. It looks so rushed.
The horses are being abused by being forced to carry people around on their backs.
The colors and compostion are beautiful, but I can't help but think those women are sweating their asses off under those thick dresses.
The redness of the table and the dangerous position of the scissors that promises something bad dod the circular onject has me feeling angry.
Cows are left hitched up in the sun while they're asleep in the shade
The woman appears angry as she sits on the chair ready to fight.
I hope that's not what you ladies do for fun!
I feel as if the posture and manner of dress these people are displaying makes them seem arrogant
I can feel the spinster sisters resent the people on the other side of the fence who are having a good time. The smudgy appearance finds hides their dissatisfaction.
She was told to clean the room that she already cleaned this morning.
I feel anger when I see this painting because I don't know if I should hide or scream!!
This man looks very ngry, maybe because someone drew his head wrong!
This just looks very EH to me. The angles are off. And it kind of looks like a child's drawing.
The people enjoying an evening on the town makes me hate social distancing.
The woman on the couch looks angry at the girl in the skirt.
The bull and the dog are fighting while the man in the field is trying to stop it.
the man has an odd little boy outfit that doesnt match his age
Wh. I don't even know what I'm looking at. I do like the color pallet though.
The shapes look like they were made by children.
The faces of the couple are very apprehensive, there is definitely something negative going on between them- or perhaps they are being negative towards me, the viewer? That's even worse. I am not at ease looking at them and their body postures. Even the dog looks worried. The darkness of the background lends to the gravitas of the image.
The massive empty room looks like wasted space.
This painting makes me angry.  It speaks of hard, back breaking labor and faceless harvesters.  I'm struck by the broad strokes and lack of detail when painting a human being. The main "picker" feels alone and isolated from the other picker.
Why is it not finished? was the painter lazy and quit?
I  see jealousy in this, with a mediating figure in the middle. The figure in the background seems victorious. The figure in the forefront seems battle ready. Maybe a waepon in hand. Spikes on the back of a helmet or armor piece? There is a white, blank, neutral figure between them. At first, I saw three people. One in the background, one in the middle, and one in the foreground with his weapon raised...then I saw the elephant. I wondered if my first interpretation was wrong. Or if it's right and the elephant symbolizes wisdom? Prowess in war? Unnessary burden? Also now I see a lion to the right. He is in the middle as well. Does he symbolize the way to bridge the gap between the person in the forefront and in the background? Honor? I feel both confused and enlightened at the same time. Am I even seeing this right? I feel as if Im looking up at the clouds and trying to divine or make shapes.
It's a religious painting and I'm not a huge fan of religion - it looks like Jesus. But to be fair, it looks as though all his followers are terrified of him.
The man in the red is abusing the white horse by ridding it against its will.
the lack of definition in this image is enough to make me mad. it could have been an amazing painting, but no one wants to look at an image out of focus and without detail everyday on their wall.
The view of a crowd enjoying the night life makes me hate social distancing.
The man's face looks angry with his one eye showing and hair over the other while sitting in defense with holding his hands!
The sea is a beautiful place but this doesn't depict it well - no detail.
I feel anger because it feels like the artist is an arrogant know-it-all who is talking down to me.
the man looks like he is vulnerable from the back and will be attacked
The horses seem tired and in need of rest
This looks like a beach but it is just half finished, this just makes me feel like the artist was lazy.
the horses and soldiers are in chaos, so many hurt people and animals
This woman is always interested in ruining other people.
He looks angry or dissatisfied, while the people behind him seem cherry. The swirl on the left looks like a whip.
The woman demands change back from the shop.
Picasso!? Ick! I hate how long his hand is, and the cup is, too. It's distorted. Also, his face is snotty and uninterested, like a creepy rich kid. This whole picture is so ugly to me. I'm wondering if the Picasso hype has some explanation I'm not aware of, since I hate everything he does.
It looks like they just walked into someone's house and took all their stuff. Not nice.
The strokes and the awful color of the sky makes me think the aritst just threw this together and did not want to create beauty, it angers me.
This guy is a horrible person who uses power to do bad things
These colors remind me of fire and the sun, both things I associate with being angry.
I am angered when I see the rabbits running in fear. I find myself feeling furious with the hunter and his rifle.
The overly bold and harsh lines suggest the artist has animosity toward the scene.
this feels like the more i go from outside to center the more angry you get
This old perv is taking much longer than needed to finish this painting. He stares at the pubic region but is making no effort with the brush.
The eyes are all about convincing people who may not want to be convinced.
The man seems angry to have had his portrait taken.
Religion is the root of all evil.
this looks cartoonish, almost like it's a joke
I'm not sure what the guy in this painting is doing but the look on his face seems pretty condescending.
The lady kicked her husband out of the house because he was cheating on her.
To dark, angry sky. The man on horse back seems very lost.
I am furious at the fact that this elephant is being tied up and abused
The facial expression of the boy along with the positioning of his arms appears that he is obstinate and not listening to whoever is speaking to him.
Haha I love it. This guy is angry at his boss, he's shadow boxing in the fields, imagining the confrontation.
Smoke is pouring out of the factory, violating environmental guidelines
The face on the woman reminds me of my old boss, who I hated...ugh, no thanks.
The squinting and angled eyebrows going down on his face feels like he is upset and angry at what he sees.
the older non-smiling woman had creased eyebrows as she starred in the distance
I am frustrated at how hard it is to differentiate different people/objects in this painting. I do not like how it is more blurry or abstract.
I would fight this guy and kick his ass. He is so disgusting
Based on his eyebrows and the way his head is turned slightly he seems mad
The dark color of the warriors shows their fierceness compared to the audience
The pointing finger looks like it is accusing someone
Tired old man with bags under his eyes looking sternly at the audience.
I just dont like his expression. He's a bad person. I dont trust him
I feel angry about this because of how they are  treating the horses
This Venetian canal is about to melt into obscurity.
The redness of the eyes and the sadness on the dogs face speaks of a hard if not abused life.
It seems disgusting for me to idealize the symbols in this way over-exaggerated and different from their own shapes.
The drunken tavern owner screams and rudely scratches his groin as one of the women looks away in disgust.
The guy on the left looks as though he is being told off.
The soldier is out for revenge and has an angry look on his face.
I feel a bit perturbed by this image because it looks like some old man  tickling a young woman's feet. Feels kind of creepy.
The grass isn't fully drawn in, and is scribbled everywhere.
If there's something I hate is communism. They have hurt so many people in this world.
the expression on his face make me feel as if he did something horrible to another person
The set of the woman's jaw suggests she is stubbornly sticking to a demand opposed by others.
This picture seems to represent the crusades which was a horrific time in Christian history when the church used military tactics and threats of death and imprisonment to "further the Gospel"
The scowl on this man's face feels like he is upset and angry at what he sees.
I dont like these flowers. They just mean that someone had to apologize for something bad
The attire of this man and body language makes him look like an angry banker.
The angry clouds finally poured out their fury on the ground below.
The red spot on the ground looks like blood from this bull that the men are trying to kill.
If looks could kill. She definitely would do it with her eyes.
The red carpet evoke angry feelings as the man scowls at the robed rigures.
I hate this. It looks like a kid's picture. It's confusing on top of primitive. It makes me feel angry that I hate it so much. Its weird and that bothers me.
This guy makes me feel like he just killed 1000 people just because he could do it. I think I want to beat him up.
It feels like the white duck is upset and angry with the man and chasing after him!
I wish the hands were finished in the way the face is finsihed
The red swirly flowers on a red swirly background it just looks angry.
The man hides his smirking feelings behind a false grin.
I get the feeling from his face that there's about to be a fight.
Rage brews inside the man as he reads the newspaper, evidenced by the blood-like floor and mutilated left hand.
She wonders why her daughter treats her like shit all the time.
The picture is just a sketch and I don't like it's not complete
The man looks like a woman is trapped inside his head, which makes me mad.
The man in black does not seemed to be amused at all.
Everyone is against each other in a riot.
The woman seems displeased to be forced to sit.
There is an arrogance about the man that makes it off-putting.
Evil and sick acts were done on this woman and men can be sick with their depravity.
The expression in this man's eyes feels like he is upset and mad with his squinting and frown on his face.
It appears the men struggle to restrain the man in white.
The man seems grumpy as he poses for the portrait.
This man looks so mad.. I can feel he's anger just looking at his face..
The girl's eyes are defiant, as though she's in a fight
I feel anger because this painting is so basic and abstract, lacking in detail that would make it a good scene. It feels lazy to me.
The portrait conveys a feeling of anger because the mans eyes are tightly squished together.
The colors blur to much for me, I feel like this is a lazy attempt at art.
this old mother fucker. I dont like him. He is a bad person who has done so many bad things in life
The woman does not look happy to be without a top.
I hate how the color pattern looks
The painting is ruined by the lack of color and details of the women.
I dont like the art style and how the clothes look.
pedophile. naked and ready to pounce his next prey who is so unaware.
The many ships have to compete for space in the lake.
The men appear to be raiding a man's house to steal stuff.
Anger because this painting looks like our President Trump to me and I am very angry at our President.
The dark colors are straining my eyes
Her face is showing an expression af hatred and dissapointment
The baby seems to be upset that it's having it's portrait taken.
I don't like this image because it feels like nothing, a sketch. There is no detail, it feels incomplete.
What happened to the mop I was using, it was right here
The red is overwhelming and seems to portray anger
The bold orange and yellow against the dark chaotic image irritates me.
These men and women are doing hard labor for sub minimum wage.
I don't have good memories of the circus and animals being overworked and abused
I don't like this painting and feel anger because it just doesn't look good. It looks kind of ugly to me.
Very good looking girl. Although she's waiting for someone, her expression is of a bad person
I am angry at the contrast between these poor houses and the fancy buildings in the background.
An image filled with ego, anger and pride all rolled into one.
The eyes pull one into the image, they are filled with hate and anger.
This is some more of that religious dogma, some old punks coming down from on high to tell me to stop pleasuring myself.
The disapproving woman's face burns with emotion and torment as she decides on a plan of action.
I feel angry because I feel I'm looking at a industrial mess, the landscape is busy and dirty, it's ruined!
This crowd gathering in this way gives me the feeling that they will do evil soon.
This is just a mess of smudges and I can't tell if it's supposed to be a village or a building or a bunch of cars. The brush strokes are hasty and choppy and sloppy. I feel like the artist just slapped paint down.
The brushstrokes are too messy, there are too many shades of blue to discern what kind of hill this is supposed to be, the water is too white, making it look like it should be ice instead of water. This looks cheap and childish.
The bright red and orange colors in this painting make me feel angry.
The red behind the figure almost implys his rage as he goes into battle.
It's a nice painting because it looks so lifelike. It looks as if the people are going to jump out at you. It makes me angry because it looks like a lot of people are dead because of a war.
The intensity on his face evokes a bit of anger for what he is about to tell you.
The smug man regards the viewer with palpable disdain and the blackness on his face suggests deception and fraud.
The lady had to go pick her husband up and take him home.
The man's raging thoughts are exhibited at upper left with the symbolic scraggly lines.
Anger towards white settlement on the natives land.
The red background reminds me of blood and anger.
the man appears to be angry as he has a stern look on his face
the man appears to be a little angry as he has a stern look upon his face
This picture is feminine and romantic and it's only job appears to be beauty. No messages there on the part of the artist; just that this is an object that appeals to your visual senses. That's it. I think the pinks and the yellows and the purples look so pretty together, and then in front of that darker brownish background, it's warm, like a sunny day when the sun is starting to get long in the afternoon. I would happily have this picture if I knew what it was.
I dont trust this person. He is a lier
The painting lack proper physique or limbs for the figures, which is disappointing.
there is too much red and the woman looks distraught at having to read to the child. If she showed emotion and joyfulness it would be better.
The way this man is dressed makes him look like an angry dictator.
The masculinity of the colors, people, and actions brings anger.
The blurry details of the woman ruined an otherwise wonderful painting.
The lions are resting, but at least two of them seem agitated and hissing.
There's a hint of condescension and lack of interest in the gaze of this young man; it's as if he's ready to conquer the world with his ambition.
This guy reminds me of a ruler of a country.
This man looks angry with his narrow eyes, so I feel angry as well.
the young gentleman looks hungry, ready to take on the world.
This is a man dressed as a woman. I wonder what hes planning?. NOT a good thing for sure.
The horse seems to be tired of the woman riding it.
He is annoyed with something or someone, maybe the subject of his painting. The raised eyebrow, the paused hand.  Everything draws you to the look in his eyes.
the kid looks like she rather be doing something else. she does not seam like she wants the flowers on her head
I dont trust his expression. He's probably thinking on doing something bad to someone else.
I dont get how this is art is so basic and boring with black lines.
The red frame around the painting ruins it because it gives this natural scene a harsh, artificial feel
The child's missing eyebrows suggest extreme punishment or self-mutilation.
The man holds a weapon, most likely a scythe, with ruthless intentions while his back is turned on the viewer.
The painting looks like an unfinished building, which is ugly in my opinion.
The old woman on the left looks annoyed to be posing for the picture.
The expression in this girls darting eyes feels like she is upset and angry with her pouting lips.
This is a stern, hard-working lady. She's been at this a long time. She's angular like her surroundings.
The snow in the picture reminds me of winter which I want to go away and for spring to start
The use of green in the one spot really shines in this painting and I feel as if this person is contemplating jumping from the window.  The room feels scattered and the person comes across as desperate with this combination of colors.
A blasphemous man takes a dagger to a holy book.
the guy sitting on the chair is a bad person
That is the expression of the rabbi's face.
The angry eyes and stren look on the girl feels like a victim who is about  to explode.
The an looks like he is playing the woman for a foodl.
The buildings and arches in the  painting look like a child painted it.
I dont like how the strokes feel dirty
The man is using the horse as a slave and is beating it with a whip.
I only see bad guys waiting for their next pray
One woman appears to be sobbing in front of another, while horses are being used against their will as slaves.
This makes me feel anger as it looks like a fist being punched through a wall
The man has violent thoughts and the brutal lines by his neck suggest his feelings.
The original sketch's lines are still visible on the rightmost mountain, which looks messy.
This seems to be a portrayal of life on the plantation with the women picking tings in the field and a man on horseback there to make sure they keep working
While it's a fine image, the man is a soldier going to war and that is something that I never like.
I feel angry because a wealthy, well dressed man is watching two girls doing physical labor. I feel like he is a feudal lord and even lascivious to some extent.
The worn clothing appearance of the woman and shild make them to apear to be lacking basic needs and it looks like she is begging for something she needs and it makes me angry to see the contrast of the the rich overweight man and woman that don't ssm to be interested in helping her.
This woman looks like she is fed up! She's been sitting for hours and she just wants it to be over with so I'm angry for her.
The perturbed young woman gazes to her side, with skepticism and anxiety, as she enters the room.
The man in the painting seems very angry and unhappy to be having his portrait done.
A black figure bends over at work in a field,  perhaps a slave.
Wow, he's got dagger of death coming from his eyes! That would typically scare me, but for some reason, I'm mad right back at him.
Grandpa is locked and loaded ready to go.  When the food starts to run out, I want him on my side!
The lady is being assaulted by the man.  She's fighting back and pushing him away, while he is inappropriately grabbing her.
An elderly woman appears to have caught another woman in her sitting room and reacts accordingly.
The man seems to have an impatient look on his face.
The man looks extremely annoyed for some reason.
dark colors give hint to the sadness of a army attacking unarmed people
The expression and use of red reflect anger.
The guy is angry he has to stand so long.
The whole picture painted in red hues.  The color red is sign of anger.
The facial expression of this general is anger. The colors used are dark depicting annger.
This man displays his wealth in such an overt way through dressing and his fancy chair and pottery in the background but it not tempered with any kindness or accomplishment being represented.
This woman is being objectified, and you can't even see her face.
It is overly simple and looks sloppy
The cliffside doesn't look like it's actually melding into the ground because the colors don't match.
The fisherman appears angry to have been spotted.
the man looks angry with a grim expression on his face
The jagged shapes and color make me feel confused
The mules are being used for slave labor against their will.
This lady is being made to pose and wants to get down. She is uncomfortable and annoyed.
I feel a bit angry and uncomfortable because it looks like the guy on the left is totally taking advantage of a smiling old man
I feel annoyed and angry looking at this because the people who wore these shoes don't seem to have taken very good care of them.
The man on the horse looks like he is brutally attacking a heard of animals.
The woman in the scarf regards the viewer with evil thrill, as if she's about to say or do something that will cause misery.
well it looks like a mini fighting game and it is kinda not cool
I feel anger. her face expression makes me think she's a bad person, who has caused so much pain to people that love her.
I am frustrated that I cannot see more detail in the tomato (or apple?). I would love to see more detail in the seeds and the sharpness of the knife.
This guy is not wanting to play this instrument.
I don't like seeing pictures of dead things, even if they are for sale to feed someone.
The two men are fighting over the same women that they both love so dearly.
He is ashamed for something bad that he did. I would not forgive him
He is so angry hes gonna  pop a vein in his head!
It feels "austere". Sometimes serious is ok, but this feels staged and contrived like it's trying to force it's will on me that it's superior.
I wonder how this horse can breathe with a covering on his nose and mouth
The look on his face makes me think he is angry about something
The child in the foreground looks bruised and battered, something I find very wrong for even a fictional child to suffer.  The background behind the child almost suggests clowns or maybe ballerinas, but they're distorted, which goes along with the distortion of the way a child should look resting.
This man is about to kill innocent people in front of everyone
The subject matter seems to objectify the unclothed woman gives a feeling of ANGER.
The woman has a disgruntled look on her face.
Inclusion of priests and the soldiers in this painting reminds me of the malignant horror that has in the past been accompanied with the mixture of church and state.
This guy probably did something bad to another person
Angry for this girls parents. They are probably bad people
The woman's thick throat sort of makes her less feminine in my opinion.
This man has had enough. He wants to get his day day and don't want anymore crap.
Looks like an over powered male figure abusing a young female. Hope she ends up kicking him in the nuts.
The handicapped remain outcasts of society, doomed to the life of a beggar.
Hitlers army killing and torturing lakhs of  people in the war ,just beacause they were jews.
I think this painting is powerful depicting the dangers of war.
The artist has inexplicably focused more on the folds of the garments than the faces of the figures.
Something feels charlatan about this, a jumbled mass of items like a junk salesman peddling his wares
The men pushing and pulling the cart in the background look like they may be slaves. The man with the whip looks like he's getting ready to whip the one pulling the cart, instead of the animals.
The man in the center is kneeling and praying before a horse.
It looks like Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden
He looks like Ebeneezer Scrooge. And like he is holding an ice pick, waiting to kill someone with it.
A picture of a rock is not something that I would find interesting
A man shows off his health with a top hat.  He draws in fine detail the three men and how emotionless they are.
The painting looks mad and makes me feel anger.
Reminds me of a loan shark or something about to take advantage of another in a deal
I can't make out the detail in this image due to the random paint splashes which I just find frustrating.
The biggest sacrifice known to man, known by every person on earth, was drew by this genius many years ago. It capitalizes life and humanity in a simple picture.
The young girl seems so annoyed that she must pose for the picture.
The man appears to be ominous and the bearer of bad news, almost appearing to have no intention to be kind
The colors in this painting make the entire painting looks bloody and angry
A party did not turn out as well as the people had hoped.
The communal fights between the mogulas and other community over the place of worship.
I really dislike this painting, I don't think theres anything captivating about it, it looks like a map but it difficult to tell since it contains lots of random shapes.
The man in the picture looks very irritated and that is somewhat projected on to me.
BORING. It's just a guy bending over, not much detail
the rich fat cats sitting in their wealth
The lady was so offended because someone asked her if she's married to The Grinch Who Stole Christmas.
The gentleman is very annoyed that he had to do the work he expected his servants to do.
The pink in the building is confusing me and not much going on.
This "Statesman" looks like some sort of goblin/ogre who exploits the hard work and industry of the public. He does in fact look "Vain" and so I find it fitting to see "Vanity Fair" at the top of this painting.
The gentleman does not like to stand still so long so his picture can be painted.
This gives me a feeling of when someone is working hard and all their friend wants to do is talk and laze about.
An upset young women ,hiding her emotions under the umberalla and pretending to enjoy the nature.
IT LOOKS LIKE  A MAN IS BEING KILLED
The spilled wine looks like the blood of a servant who displeased "his highness". Perhaps one of those climbing up to serve.
This man looks angry and frustrated with life. All the frustrations of everyone that ever lived is on his face.
The men here look angry with their lives and are singing an angry revolutionary song
The dull, brown background and the dark clothing on the subject. The stern, almost fearful look of the face. Unwarranted power.
The man on the right seems annoyed he must wait as the couple kisses goodbye.
The picture resembles Adam and Eve. They make me angry because I see aeve holding the forbidden apple.
Feeling confused. The bright blue color in the background makes me feel so bad.
This painting elicits a feeling of anger and disgust, the people in this painting look like the unjust and unfair judges that rule most countries corrupted court systems.
The artist must have drawn this with light strokes because I can barely see his drawing. The painting is very busy. Everything blends together in big blobs.
The man in the picture strikes me as untrustworthy and rude, so I feel angry.
I feel that Eve is really marked as pale and insidious, while Adam blends in with the painting.
IT LOOKS LIKE MEN ARE HURTING THE WOMAN TOGETHER
The woman sits angrily as she has to pose for the picture.
This looks like someone tipped a bucket onto a white canvas, I don't understand how something like this is artistic when it just seems like an accidental mess.
There's just too much going on in the piece I feel. I know the artist wants us to focus on the man in the middle with the use of red cloth and gold shirt but the other elements distract my eyes too much.
How would you feel if someone had picked fruit and just left them on the table along with their breakfast coffee cup.
The battle scene brings about a feeling of hate and anger.
sylvester stallone in a rugged pose like only he can
It looks like these people are playing Polo and that is cruelty to horses
It reveals too many private body parts and shows her as a weak and vunerable woman .Her facial expression shows she is ashamed
It's upsetting to see animals tied to trees and carrying people around.
The picture shows brutality and the almost comical proportions disguise that. The violence, bright colors, and style seem wrong.
Bad drawing at represents the bad aspect of humanity.
It shows to me what seems to be the grim reaper.
This picture makes me feel slightly stressed out an agitated like the man with a nauseated expression in the painting.
i can not see what is being written on the paper
I really dislike this painting, the trees look as if they were dog limbs.
This looks like the most boring work meeting ever. And everyone is rendered so flat. I bet they're like that in real life too. Get me the hell out of here.
There is an eerie, cult-like quality to the unnatural images suspended in air.
the pokerfaces given by the woman and her daughter takes away from a detailed painting.
The man seems impatient to have to pose for this picture.
As the woman lays naked on the bed she does not notice the man creepily spying on her.
The way everything is proportioned just sets off an OCD in me that makes me uncomfortable.
The man looks angry as if he didn't want his picture taken.
The artist has maimed and distorted the beautiful images of cats and dogs into grotesqueness.
Angered by some man who is smiling and about to take the life of a defenseless person. The dog should step in.
Shows strange beliefs of people who thought of themselves higher than people.
The trees are cut up and dead and bring out anger in me as it reminds me of the destruction of nature by man
The stern man seems displeased and composed unnaturally in his portrait.
The men look like they are about to steal the white man's horse
he is dressed all in black and his brow is furrowed and his lips are pursed
A great man is feeling overwhelmed having to please two wives.
Reminds me ofa spanish or mexican bullfighting arena or event
The man's angry expression, thick eyebrows and the wiggly paint style make me feel a bit agitated.
The man is angry and hurting the animal and that makes me mad. He is taking out his pent up frustrations on the poor creature. Why is his hand in its mouth?!
Very badly drawn painting of a woman which could easily have been better.
This is so childish with so little colour combination.
I DONT LIKE THAT THE BOWL IS TIPPED OVER AND THE FRUIT IS SPILLING OUT.
The painting look blurred and out of focus which is annoying because the horses are pretty.
This is disturbing. I see a child posing nude
The drawing is dominated by the man's height and attire, while the only emotional expression for the viewer is lost at the top with the baby riding atop the man's shoulders.
pathway to the secluded brothel house outside the city where little kids are sold.
The man sits hands crossed, with a grumpy expression on his face.
The man appears to be angrily staring at something or deciding what to do regarding something that has angered him
This picture depicts a time of war, people fighting and dying, no one should have to live through so much hate and crime. Hate makes me feel angry that people want so much power to rule the world or even their own country.
It looks like these town folk are angry, they are at the door step then you see maybe a king trying to fend them off
The man has anger written on his face, and his hands are strangling the object in his grip.
i am not exactly sure what the beast is doing to the lady
I feel like this person has a very egotistical & arrogant personality. Like he is looking down on others.
The red in the image makes the man look and feel angry.
This painting makes me angry because of all the violent aspects among the characters.
The sky is so cloudy and smoky that it must be heavily polluted
it reminds me of all the black people that suffered when slavary was leagal.
The men appear to be tying up a bull to carry it away after it has been killed in the arena. I'm against animal cruelty.
Looks like a spoiled rich girl being tended by a powerless servant.
Ugh, I can make out a distorted face grimacing at me. It look aggressive.
The heavy brush strokes and the abstract subject matter are unpleasant to look at. The simplicity of it all seems like a waste of the artist's time and my time.
The scales of justice are tilted off balance, suggesting inequity will soon result
The person pictured here looks like Charles Manson.
It appears as though someone is being physically attacked here and that revolts me.
The dark colors with the contrasting bright reds and the glorification of killing an animal (a dragon) angers me.
The woman seems to be lazily illustrated, suggesting that this is more of a satire than a portrait.
This man look peeved in his expressions here. Looks down on the people around him.
Maybe looks like the warrior is overdeveloped, it still brings me to me.
The red painted cape and the chariot that the man is riding on makes me feel aggressive, like he is going to war.
Hard slashing lines, monochrome coloring, dark shadows, seems harsh.
This man looks as if his angry and in turn it makes me feel the same way.
The expression on the girl's face suggests that she is unhappy. Also, the children's skin tone is uneven and appears jaundiced, suggesting illness.
As far as I can tell, it's a dark painting of a muddy nothing.
Drunk men reveling in the cruelty of fighting chickens is despicable and degenerate.
A king over more servants very detailed and good looking, but for bad for the people.
The facial expressions of greed on both of these characters makes me feel like they are both up to no good. The man looks like he has bad intentions with the woman and the woman looks very snake like.
His hand is on her breast. As a victim of abuse this makes me angry.
The woman seems angry as she lays on the white bed.
This woman's facial expression is hostile, and the red background contributes to her hostility
The uneven colors, drips and lines of paint look like blood splatters.
She looks like she has worked her whole life away.
Dude looks cranky and smoking . The bright blue just makes it more annoying.
She was stripped and raped and killed, just horrid.
The woman looks very angery and upset because her arms are folded and she has a scowl on her face.
The image looks too sharp, and it is hard to discern the features on the young woman's face.
The artist seems to be mocking the viewer by presenting a childish work with low skill and balance.
I see a unhappy man dressed in black, he looks like my old school teacher..I feel anger because he was so cruel..
I am disgusted with the way people treat each other.  So much unnecessary.
I see a man that looks lost in the darkness of this painting, I think he looks scared and angry, and so do I..
The lines in this illustration are too dark, creating a sense of harshness.
I'm really irritated by the watermark on this work. It's distracting.
Jesus is pictured sitting next to women dressed in clothes from a much later time.
This picture looks unfinished so it would be incredible if finished
Hard drawn figures seem intense, maybe a slave on the right who's tied up?
This woman should be dusting, but instead she's relaxing and playing with her duster
The painting looks evil and makes me feel angry.
Mad because what they doing to the horse.
He's holding a knife at two kids
And fear... He looks mean and scary
the colors and the people in the painting look like they are doing some mean ritual
The flowers are spectacularly illustrated but are let down by the poorly detailed surroundings
It looks like a crucifixion or the crusades are happening which is a low point in history.
This image is crudely scanned, and the dots covering the entire image make it difficult to make out what is illustrated.
I see this artist has anger issues. So much terror, unpleasantness going on. I felt the anger.
In a stormy scene of enormous carnage, the bearded man with the sword seems prepared to add to the horror by killing the woman.
The man holds a haughty expression, as though he is judging.
seems to be an advertisement to join a war in a foreign language
This painting portrays the power of religious figures over the lower class people, enrages anger for myself.
It makes me feel like the city is on fire these men probably caused it they striped the woman put her on display because they didnt want her to help and she is with the red cross
She looks like someone I don’t like a lot.
this man looks like he is thinking about something that bothered him
I am very angry that someone would cause harm to an image of something so innocent as an angel.
It's awash in that vivid red, it evokes feelings of hell
This photo upsets me because the desk looks really messy and unorganized, it messes with my OCD.
The guy holding the book looks smug and it makes me want to punch him
The harsh vertical lines throughout the painting seem like a condemnation on the woman illustrated.
The brushstrokes are harsh and broad, giving the painting a sloppy look.
The harsh strokes of black over the woman's clothes and headpiece make me think that this painting was vandalized.
The returning soldieres look beat up and on the verge of death...I'm mad at the people who did this to them, and to their horse
This picture could be very nice if there was color and bit more detail of the background
He must have been an untrustworthy man because he wont look at the artist and is avoiding eye contact.
Is he mad at me? Is he a angry old man?
The painting feels unfinished and hurried, the strokes large and laborious, as if the painter got bored as they moved along the canvas.
Very quick line drawing indicates violence and quick slashing of people with swords.
It angers me that people believe in this stuff and bow down to a fictional man in the sky.
The reddish wall represents the angry face of the man standing against it.
War is being waged and people are dying for a piece of fabric (flag).
The people on the left look like they were drawn in haste. Like the artist did not put any effort into it.
They remind me of late 19th century oligarchs perturbed by a labor dispute.
A man who looks like he is about to kill someone
The forms are painted and formed so poorly it is difficult to discern what they are intended to be in this shoddy picture.
The look on the person's face shows a certain amount of displeasure  .
I can't tell what is going on or what this is!
The deep redness of the land and the sky, both make me feel like something evil is happening.
I feel angry that the artist did not add any color to this art.
The wind is so strong, it is angry. The tree is being pushed beyond its limits. Also the picture is very basic with only black strokes , not much detail.
This man has an almost brutal expression
a child that small shouldnt be carrying a basket that heavy
While the man appears to be somewhat determined. He almost appears to have a snarl on this face showing his disapproval.
This could be a good painting but the artist must have given up while drawing it. How lame.
The smug look on the man's face feels pompous and superior.
The black and white of the painting gives off a dark feeling, maybe even a time of war or destruction.
I am angry to see that the rider is whipping the horse
These are the type of women that took us out of the home.  It's no wonder they are pissed off at men!
The rash and ruthless lines on the man's jacket and wall hint at powerful emotions of rage and darkness even though he's posing calmly.
The man on the right does not look interested in the mans guitar playing.
the natives who are being colonized appear afraid of the cross by crouching in the shadows
There is an intensity to this image, the red and the deep purples bring about a sense of anger.
The person regards the viewer with righteous disgust and disapproval.
The aggressive nature of this painting gives me pause - it makes me feel blood will be shed.
I feel like this pic depicts a juxtaposition between wealth and poverty, with the rickety and decrepit shack on the right versus the opulent cabin on the left
I am so disgusted by the people that go into the shark's home (the water) and kill them for no reason
The picture depicts how mankind has wasted the beauty of mother nature with industrialization.
The man's facial features are distorted into a face of anger which makes me want to know why he's angry.
The colors and lines are terrible. it's inconsistent and looks like a child drew it.
So many innocent sheep are shown to have died.
Having a break inbetween killing animals for fun... I wouldn't have this in my house regardless of how well painted it is.
The man looks a bit impatient in his own portrait experience. It makes me feel like he does not appreciate the time and effort.
These women seem to have no cares for the tiger that was killed to make their rug.
The curvature of the path is actually making me a little dizzy. The red flowers are striking and beautifully complement the light green grass, but this painting isn't easy on my eyes overall.
The man wishes his neighbors would be a  little more quiet when they party.
This makes one feel as if they are involved in the battle.
Horses are being forced to pull a wagon, they are being treated like slaves.
The mans workers didn't listen to him and carry out the work they were assigned to do.
He looks to be belittling that poor woman. I dont like his face and anger. I would hit that man if i saw him. The onlookers are doing nothing to help. Nosey chismosos.
He is painting a portrait; but he doesn't look happy about it!
The child looks abused and the parents don't look like decent people.
The man appears as a lookup for a military event. I fear for potential loss of life.
The sculpture appears quite unfinished and incomplete, as if the artist is passing off rubbish as fine art.
Her face is as red as a red chilly pepper.
This painting makes me want to laugh. There is a
A military leader seems to react to having just spotted the enemy approaching in the distance through his telescope.
I could barely make out what this picture was depicting, this is not a great example of pointillism.
The naked man is laying on the bed without a care in the world, but his partner looks upset at him - he probably cheated on him
The way the lines seem to slash their way onto the canvas appear violent and angry, making me feel similar.
The large group in the back are giving this old man a hard time.
Everything in this picture looks harsh and unfinished.
The cattle are being abused by the person swinging a stick at them.
The artist seems to have recklessly destroyed the canvas with enraged brushstrokes decimating the landscape.
The appears somewhat annoyed or grumpy about this experience. It almost seems like he is ready for this portrait to end.
Looks like an angry southern man. I do feel he has such anger in his face, I wouldn't want to bump into him..
Symbolizes Jesus on the cross. The thought of Jesus being put through his trials invokes anger.
The background and her dress are very dark and her profile is making a sour expression.
I feel anger as the gentleman looks mean and stuck up.
The animals look like they are going to get stuck in the mud  as the road is muddy and unpaved
He always stirs up the people when he comes around.
I feel like i have stepped into a talented artist’s studio and into his process. The muted browns, greens, and yellow, and white create a calm contemplative mood.
Man getting angry and frustrated as he is fed up trying to learn the instrument.
The saddle on the horse's back indicates it has to carry somebody around against its will.
A woman appears to be trying to herd her cows and bull away from a hunter on the right.
A man is arguing his point before a court and jury.
I initially thought the figure on the far left was a monster of some sort. Once my eyes adjusted I could see it was a man but his figure, and maybe his energy too makes me feel anger for some reason.
From what I can discern from this painting, I think it depicts a war scene.  Death and destruction are always triggers for anger for me.
the man is ignoring the woman. He looks arrogant.
He murdered his own wife and children.
I don't like the style with no form of objects or realism.
The look on the mans face in the image is angry or very concerned with his eyebrows furrowed, the tick marks as brush strokes are unique and memorable
The man's gaze looks disapproving, condescending, and unimpressed
this looks like the man could be sclolding the girl
I am a bit unsure of the sight in front of me. But I feel apprehensive about the potentially of violence.
She looks angry to me, and discontent. The reds of her coat and skin and background coupled with the dark hair and shadows make her seem harsh.
I find it frustrating that I cannot make out the facial features of those in the crowd. I prefer paintings with detail and structure.
Woman is covered with black cloth. Women should wear pretty dresses.
the yellow highlights for a morbid scene feels like a toilet
The red background and open, red fan is a bit distressing. There's a lot of energy here, but it is unclear what for.
For some reason, I have the feeling this man is yelling at others and has an overly self-important view of themselves.
this reminds me of slavery  which should not have existed
No, you can't have it, this is my doll.
The large splatters of red gives the image an angry feeling and there are no other parent colors other than red, everything else is black and white
Three is a crowd. Someone is going down.
The way that the fish's face was painted make it seem like the fish is staring at me.
The simplistic portrait, crude to an extreme, fails to attempt any use of caution with lines and forms.
The ragged, sharp lines evoke a feeling of mockery and disapproval of the religious scene by the artist.
The girl is trying to boss her younger brother around by telling him what to paint
It appears as though the artist spend a significant more amount of time on the church steeple rather than the people within the painting.
While this painting shows nothing but peace and calm on what appears to be a lovely day, I feel angered. Perhaps because I'm an ignorant American, when I see a burka my immediate response is thoughts of oppression and abuse.
The reddish clothing and faces of most of the people represent anger along with the angry looking girl.
The black and white depict despair in the scene.
I feel angry because I cannot sense what is going on in this photo. I feel like the beings are fading.
I am angry because this boys face reminds me of my son when he is being disrespectful.
Artist Self-Portrait quarantine from an older time, nice soft lighting, but not happy or innocent.
Decent picture but makes me mad at the way the female is turn away
Seeing those extravagant buildings makes me think of those struggling.
The man seems to be thinking of something that is angering him with the red background.
The horse is having to carry a man around on its back against its will.
Thinking of those times long ago when violent things done to people like with this sword and snakes.
The pirate looks like he's mad about something as he frowns below.
pirates came to invade the land
This woman is wearing white gloves, suggesting she is dainty and feminine
A dancer I think, but these abstracts just leave me cold.
The black shady lady holding a teacup and saucer looks like she is not happen with the person in front of her. The splashes of yellows and gold along with the dark blues and blacks go from light to dark in mood.
I can see a big castle and miser people roaming about it. What people can do for capitalism.
The picture is not colorful and shapes are done by fast drawing lines.
The blocky shapes and contorted posture creates an uneasy feeling.
The circle shape with bright cross creates a sense of tension.
He is looking at that horse's tail like he is about to cut it off!!
Although the painting is impressive, the brush stroke pattern is frustrating to me. It makes me feel dizzy, and the painting looks disorganized.
Crucifixion is on the top of the list for the most painful ways to die, I feel such sadness and anger looking at this painting..
The painting has haphazard strokes and not pleasing to the eye.
The fat man relaxing with food/beverage is in stark contrast to the peg legged man and boy looking needy and appear to be begging.
The woman appears irritated as he poses for her portrait.
He looks angry and miserable for some reason it evokes that in me
i feel detached from this photo as I feel there is no emotion or color put into it
Seem to represent an historical american slave scene. Make me anger.
The smudginess of this is irritating to me, like I can almost tell what it is, but it escapes me.
Nude women, It makes me angry because the look on her face makes me feel she didn't want to be nude..
Two men are not very happy with the journey they have to make.
The woman bears a furious expression, as though looking upon an enemy.
This is little more than a scribbled drawing in a notebook.
She looks like she might purposefully drown a kitten, terrifying.
The woman looks vunerable due to her nakedness and also appears as if she is being abused.
The pastel colors seem to be an attempt to gloss over the decay of a cramped shantytown.
This man appears to be ready for violence and the possibility of ending the lives of others.
The eyes are cold and callous, and the minimal additional elements do nothing to offset that effect.
How do people get away with so many hackneyed, derivative paintings of flowers?  I hate these things.
The arrogant man seems to regard the viewer with disdain and an air of superiority.
These individuals appear ready to give an order for war.It is unfortunate they will probably attack.
This man's face is the color of a beet, suggesting his fury
Unfortunately, this man seems to be attempting to end the life of something or someone.
I feel anger as someone made me look at a painting of their rotten meat.
His demeanor just makes you want to punch him in the face. Who does he think he is.
The looks say it all. They look poor and forced to do whatever against their will.
The man's facial expression makes it look as if he is angry.
The people in the wagon seem to be perfectly happy that an abused horse is being forced to pull the wagon along when they could be walking.
I am confused looking at this pencil art, It looks like scribble of a man. Makes me angry to think someone thinks this is art..
The elderly woman appears to be pouting with a heavy bottom lip as she is hunkered over her knitting.
The woman appears to have an angered look on their face.
It looks like the forest fire is slowly burning the greenery around.
The man got in to a argument with his brother because he treated his servants poorly.
A man and his wife are having a disagreement late in the evening.
The scene is out of focus and stale, without much artistic skill, as if the artist is mocking the viewer's abilities to discern fine art.
This painting reminds me of slavery so it makes me upset
The colors are dark and angry, and the sharp angles give me a bad feeling.
The prisoner, chained and angry, turns away from the woman trying to console him.
More irritation than true anger, but there is something about her expression that seems so smug that it's really obnoxious
it's so sad that this image did not load, so i would not know what's there.
This catholic priest represented in this artistic painting makes me feel anger and feel sad about all the catholic priest sexual abuses that they have done.
This looks like these two men are arguing, and throwing a tantrum like children.
The image is do confusing and the reds leave a feeling of anger.
This beautiful young girl reminds me of my 10 year old daughter.
This child has a rather combative expression on his face, for unknown reasons. I feel like he is challenging me for no reason which makes me angry.
I wonder why I'mm looking at some guy's sketch pad. The antelope's heads are all chopped off and the boats are beached.
It sucks for these women to be breaking their backs in the field working.
This man looks like a former slave owner
The painting has no colors signifying how man has affected nature.
The upper portion of the picture is idyllic but the rusty redness at the bottom looks like angry dust or even blood splatter. I find it hard to look at as it takes over the picture.
The artist appears to have rushed a sketch rather than plan out a beautiful composition.
this places looks like there was a war that destroyed the buildings
The darkly clad woman appear stern and hardened by poverty.
Te birds appear to be dead as if they have been shot or injured by someone
The mans arm near his head suggests a feeling of deep though and inner searching for truth.
The lines look chaotic and it frustrates me
The man's complexion seems to be hidden in darkness and nearly appears to be hiding negative thoughts.
The slanted eyes on this man's face and pouted lips feels like he is upset with what he is looking at!
I think this woman has money and she he showing off because of it.
A group of people are fighting and showing a lot of anger while in battle with their swords.
The look in his eyes and the raised eyebrow gives a feeling of upset and anger.
I can't tell if this is robbers attacking a knight, or peasants victimized by a knight getting revenge, but either way, there's a lot of anger and pain in the image.
The hunters on horseback and the dogs are driving the deer into a water ambush where hidden bowmen kill them.
A reminder of man's poor treatment of others
The queen's son is going to marry a poor lady from the village and she can't stop him.
He pose makes me feel that she is angry
He reminds me of those mean headmasters in boarding school. He’s always an ass for no reason.
The three sisters expected their step sister to cater to their every need.
Why are these creepy men all around this baby and nrw mother like this? You can tell the mom doesn’t want them there but she’s forced to let them do as they please.
Two guys behind Jesus is mocking him by sticking their tongue out and picking their nose.
Both characters and even the animal/demon are frowning, leaving me with a similar upset mood.
I dislike the scene of death and misery
All the bishops standing over the couple remind me of how controlling they are.
The uneven eyes and red cheeks on this soldiers face looks like he is angry and upset while looking stern!
This is Christopher Columbus as played my Malcolm McDowell. He looks like a sociopath.
Here is a guy working to prepare a weapon. I am afraid no good will come of what he is doing.
This person looks arrogant. They have a crown within multiple crowns - and seems to be belittling someone.
I do not like the roughness of the sketch or the facial expression
Looks like a king taking advantage of one of his people. He's hungry with power and does whatever he wants.
While the man's expression is very serious, and he seems angry, there is something behind his eye to indicate that he has a right to feel angry. And you end up feeling angry with him for whatever he's going through.
I don't like the ugly faces of the people that are around the holy man
The round dark eyes on this person's face feels like he is angry and ready to fight for justice with a halo around the head.
A reminder of man's cruelty and mis-treatment of others.
The characters are look hideous and I dislike them a lot
It upsets one to make you think of the reasons she is about to stab herself, what drove a lovely lady to this end.
The man wearing the lions coat looks angry and mad while holding another firmly and too tight!
I'm angered that all these people see what's going on and not one is stopping this. How can cause someone so much pain and hurt and not see you're wrong?
This man has an angry face with both eyes going in different directions and drawn down lips.
A person is holding a stick and has anger for a horse that has killed a warrior behind it.
The eyes and the pout on her face feels like she is upset, angry and having trouble with her music!
The individual seems to not even care about the people being tortured.
The two priests are preparing to battle each other.
The expression on the person's face makes you feel that they have been wronged and are very angry. It makes you angry for them.
People are looting, breaking into a business and stealing things, they are drinking and out of control.
I think that the red color on this is angering
The painting color is too boring and the shapes are bland
IT'S LIKE WARRIORS ARE COMING TO DESTROY THE FOREST
I hate how the spoiled rich people of that era had servants washing them. How demeaning. The look on her face makes me feel for her
this to me just looks like a jumble of broken trees and shrubs and lacks any real emotion. I find it frustrating.
it makes me mad that the fruit is on and off the plate, and that the cup is falling off of the plates. Straighten it up!
The painting lacks proper coloration and seems rather splotchy.
The art work is beautiful but it is not well painted
This picture makes me feel angry becuase the girl herself looks angry. She has her arms crossed in defence and she looks like she's about to cry. He anger bubbling beneath the surface spills out of the painting and effects me, the viewer.
The painting also looks unfinished and lacks detail compared to the colors.
I see a powerless woman who is restricted in a submissive role.
The vase on the table appears to have been abandoned by the foreground vases.
The painting looks unfinished, since the person doesn't have a mouth, a chin, or even eyes.
i do not like that only half the thing is painted
They are beating a defenseless man. Regardless what he did this is cruel
kind of a creepy old man, his hands are doing weird things. looks like benjamin franklin
Looking at this painting is like looking at a group of men who are laughing at me.
The way the man's arms are folded, and the expression on his face brings about feelings of anger.
I don't even know what this is.  A dead elephant on a pink train?  A river with logs in it?  I don't know.
The eye is drawn towards the large man and the fear he instills is evident.
The painting of the cowboy lacks colors or details; it is unfinished and ugly.
I am angry because the two woman are getting arrested and harrassed by other people.
The man has a very bland expression on his face, which suggests that he is vacuous and unpleasant to talk to.
The woman seems like she isn't quite comfortable being seen like this.
This looks like someone spilled paint all over a drawing and wants to call it art.
The black clouds above the city almost looks like a devilish figure
It appears that the children in the painting are racially segregated, and that the white children on the righthand corner may be conspiring to do something unkind to the two darker skinned children towards the lefthand side of the painting.
The lady looks like she is a victim of abuse with her pursed lips and black eye.
The dark soldiers have the men huddled in the snow, pinned in a corner.
The subjects face seems a little aggressive and the black and red colours add to this. The jagged shape of the background,, perhaps plants, also seems aggressive.
This could have been better painted in color and not black and white
She looks suspicious of something and like she knows im guilty
the bird, like many things in life, are outside of my grasp
The man seems to be ready to behead an innocent looking woman.
I see a racial divide between the female bartender and the white men freely drinking while watching the ballet recital, which seems out of place.
The harsh lines and the excessive intricacy of the forest illustration are almost painful to view.
IT'S LIKE A MAN DOES SOMETHING WRONG LIKE SMOKING
The blend of reds and the facial features of the man with the ax seem angry.
good selection for the skin paint color, but the color of the water is not alluring
a woman seems to be angry
The painting is unfinished and is more of a sketch than a painting.
The painting doesn't even have facial expressions or limbs, which is disappointing.
It looks like the creature just killed an angel
The painting is utterly ruined by the purple splash of paint on top.
The woman lacks proper borders, details, and expressions, making her look ugly.
its like bullying a child and women
The painting lacks proper boroders and details, making it look ugly.
Seeing HIM gettign crushified makes me angry
The men fight on top horses, like bitter, angry enemies.
I feel angry because the guy portrayed as the king is stomping on the smaller people like they are nothing and he was a remoreless look on his face
the person in the painting looks very angry
The figure's skin tone seems overly dark, as if the artist meant to make him a demonic character.
When no one is in charge, chaos rules the day.
The simplicty of this, the angry strokes create an almost angry feeling in me
The painting looks like a very rough sketch and lacks any details.
The expression on the man's face is stern and angry.
Simpler is often better, but not this time.  The drawing looks unfinished, I want to see the rest of it.
It's too busy. The darkness of many of the lines make it hard to distinguish many of the details.,,
The glorification of killing a living creature repulses me.
IT IS LIKE  A MAN TORTURING A WOMAN WITH AN ANIMAL
I hate how the black woman is depicted. Also the lady looks to be mistreating her. Horrible times
The appears angered that we do not know why he is pointing in that direction.
I feel like the two girls are making fun of me.
The woman gives a stern, uncaring look as she poses.
The man looks grumpy as if he has been freshly woken from a short sleep.
Rich people of those times had no shame, letting maidens clean their dirty bums. The look on the servants face tells all.
The painting lacks depth, detail or even basic color schemes.
The man in red looks like he's mad about something.
IT LOOKS LIKE A MAN HUNTS ANIMALS
The scene is very chaotic and the colors are not contrasting enough for me to focus on the details.
The face is distorted with a scowled brow.
The different shades of red all suggest hate to me.
War time results in the death of many and rarely achieves anything of greatness.
IT'S LIKE A MAN TORTURING A WOMAN
The figure in the painting doesn't even have eyes or mouth, which makes it look ugly.
The bright colored clothing is in stark contrast to the man carrying his heavy cross.
This woman looks like she's angry and waitjng for someone.
The painting looks unfinished and lacks proper colors, which makes it look ugly for me.
The group appears to have had their progression suddenly stopped.
This person looks like the was gravely injured and all the people are attending to him.
The man on the left is being left out of the conversation. It makes me really mad to see that not all people are included.
The energetic brush strokes along with the woman's expression give a sense of irritability.
This painting makes me think of people hurting animals and other people, the man in the foreground looks like he is going to beat the dog, and there are animal bones near him, the people in the background appear the be fighting and hurting one another.
The older man is upset and looks into his treasure box for something of value.
Very disgusted to see his head on the platter and the body on the ground. The colorings of the clothes and background are very good, however.
There is an anger behind her facial expression. She appears to have a lot of anger in her face that she's trying to hide.
The painting looks as though the woman is about to be sacrificed or killed.  It's unsettling.
This person has a somewhat serious and almost angry expression to his face. Seems like he could yell at you.
There is something about the expression of the kid that is awake that feels defiant, like they have just both been up to no good.
It upsets me because it looks like people are trying to persecute a mentally ill girl
The image of people using sharp weapons to desecrate portraits stirs up feelings of aggression.
The man looks mean from both sides of his face.
The expression of the figures with mysterious face in the mud suggests a conflict of some sort.
Abstract people are not my ideas of art.  The best thing about this painting is the cool blue water and boat.
Intense painting with bright colors and many light colored background figures to indicate a saint/Christ(?) eradicating the evil person on a horse.
the artist has made a whimsical attempt at depicting a river and vegetation along it.
I see this is a sketch of some sort, but I can barely tell what it is. I don't like when art is lazy like this.
The people are working too hard and I'm not sure if it's voluntary or forced.
I don't like the face of this man because he seems too intense. Like someone with no sense of humor.
I am not too angry but this looks like they are playing a joke on the poor fellow
The streaks in this work appear to be a box of melted cray-pas a 7 year old left out on their porch
With all of the people in this picture only one needs their face covered? This is discrimination
I think the splashes of burnt orange/red add to an angry feeling.
This type of modern art honestly just makes me feel mad. There's a bunch of primary colors slapped together in seemingly random ways, like a child might do. The top right is especially egregious where they've haphazardly slapped on mustard yellow over slime green and called it good.
I believe this painting is supposed to represent satan, which always makes me a bit angry in a way, here it's because it feels like he's discarding the serpant.
Angry because during this time period there were so many poor people and vagrants whom the people in the picture did not care about.
The man lying dead in blood makes me mad.
the traditional dress and labels make it seem like the female population in this culture needs to dress this way to fit in.
I can see a face and it looks aggressive to me
The man seems to be begging for the skull of possibly a loved one.
i think that because there is only two colors it is very boring
Three lines on a eggshell white background -  People call this art, why?
The line on the right looks as if it is damaged on the sides.
As a painter this hurts my eyes. I don’t like seeing wall like this.
This makes me think of human offerings that have happened in the past due to superstition which makes me feel angry for the innocent people that have died.
I feel angry that this woman is standing here naked while a naked elf creature holds an orb looking at her, all because I think this is creeping me out.
This man is dreaming of a rematch with the gentleman in his thought bubble. His recent defeat was unexpected and devastating, so the image never leaves him. A rematch and victory is the only way for him to defuse his embarrassment. His attitude makes me very angry because he is unable to accept his defeat.
This lady looks so mad.
The gentleman looks upset that he has to sit still
This painting makes me feel slightly angry... at the artist. Why does the subject have such a blotchy look - especially on his face? I think the wide brush strokes work for the background, clothing, and even the beard. But the subject's skin looks unhealthy.
The painting doesn't make ME feel angry, but I feel like the painter was angry.  It's red, it's hectic, it's complicated.  The painter had a lot of emotions, so I'm feeling them too.
The red colors against the black background both remind me of anger. The white lines add confusion or frustration to it.
The red color used feels like fire is surrounding the people
The look on the woman's face could be anger and the blood red table is unnerving.
This could be Christopher Columbus, a genocidal maniac with his own holiday.
The fact that this could even be considered art is offensive.
an explosion in the studio it's colourful but not for me
The stiff face and sarcastic smile reminds me of a proud man who don't value another beings feelings.
This is an abstract painting of the Middle Earth, where the Hobbits live. It is very sloppy.
This looks like a large sheet of broken, shattered glass, which makes me angry about the broken glass or that someone was angry who broke it.
The eyebrows make the woman look angry, and the child is too old to be breast feeding.
This painting makes me feel confused and angry.  There is no continuity to the painting and it is all over the place.
This looks like it was made to stretch across a wall. The dark housing and lack of detail in the area makes me wonder what is being hidden.
Looks like a small headed Pablo Escobar getting away with murder again
It looks a little like Hitler and my father was a Holocaust survivor
It looks unfinished which makes me mad
This looks like a placemat. I don't see why anyone would want to look at this, it pisses me off.
Irritated because I do not like it because it is unorganized. Does not make any sense to me. It should be more revealing with more details.  Feels like anyone can create something like this.
This picture makes me angry as it reminds me of those ink blob pictures that doctor's will show you to analyze your mental health.
im not sure what it is maybe a loho of somesort
The lady in the middle is not happy she had to share her spotlight.
There is nothing to interpret with 3 color blocks which has always angered me through analyzing modern art.
a man in the dark putting to fire all the evidence of his crimes and bad deeds .
The older man looms over her, and appears frustrated with her letter.
"Oh look- someone left their trash here."
Her look screams of anger looking back at the audience in front of her.
I feel angry looking at this picture where there is nothing but lines drawn on this page and to think people call something like this art.
The man with the pencil looks like he's gonna beat the woman with the baby.
a pompous warlord looks over his enslaved flock of minions
It is ridiculous to dress children up like this. Children should be left to play instead of dress up to like that.
This one is so dull to me with just a black square and a couple of thin yellow and red lines leaving me thinking that even i could have done this.
It looks like a TV screen stuck on the emergency broadcast signal.
Everyone looks like they're spreading rumors from the way their expressions are showing.
The woman in the center is clearly in trouble as her worried expression and the arrogant expressions of those surrounding her reveal.
A picture of a picture is very lazy.
Looks unfinished and no sign of any talent.
The naked person is in front of the man to show how wasteful we humans can be
The look of anger seems to cross this man's face. He seems a bit upset over something.
The fact that the lines aren't in alignment in the bottom lefthand corner drives me crazy!
Feels like a sketch rather than the finished article.
The man is deciding if he should help the people in front of him
The priest trying to kill the little prince in sleep,reflects upon the greedy for power which make people stoop so lo.
The leader of the tribe is trying to relate to people he doesn't understand. They appear afraid. The people behind him seem to appreciate and hang on his every word.
The painting looks classic and natural with nice texture, but then they added the big black sharp edged object, ruining it.
I feel sort of annoyed that the artist didn't do more with this- they created a certain motif with the colors, but then gave me no closure, so to speak.
This makes me feel anger. There appears to be a patriarchal system of a man standing over these women (whom seem diminished).
The painting of a murder scene, reflects how someone can be so cruel as to kill the infants as well.
Simplistic attempts at art like this makes me feel like the artist is being lazy.
The man's facial expression and body language tells me that he probably does not treat the horse in a loving way.
The barcode like lines are annoying to me.
She looks like a diva running the show and making demands of others. The movement expressed in the painting makes her look angry.
The repetitive white and gray rectangle shapes gives me a headache and too nonsense that is hard to look at.
Gather around the crowd does, the mans sword raised to sky, the beast unflinching and only it knows why.
This is so bland and it just really annoys me for that reason.
I am continually reminded of the stain which is Christianity's spread across the world.
It appears that the person has put something that is actually alive in the washing machine.
These two dogs look malnourished running away from something inside this painting and it makes me angry because I am an animal lover and I would want all animals to be taken care of properly.
I know this is going to sound strange but I feel angered by the eyebrows of the two people that are painted here, they look awful.
The woman's facial expression, along with her eyes make me angry the way the artist decided to draw her.
The red shape to the center right looks like an angry demon. It looks like it is bearing it's teeth.
A hidden onlooker looks at her with ill intent. His eyes daggers to her body. She would scream if only she knew what lurked behind.
This man looks like a soldier and he is standing over the bones of a dead animal which makes me feel anger, as I love animals.
This is a powerful piece. The main figure looks bigger than life up on the hill. You can see his thoughts on his fae as he looks at a human skeleton. He is connected to it (foot). He wants revenge, and his people behind him are waiting to hear what they are going to do about it.
She looks like she is pushing the man away like she wants to get away from him.
I feel anger as this picture is a jumbled mess that I do not understand therefore looking at it makes my head hurt.
She looks like she wants this to be over with.
This is going to be very simple: this man has a punchable face.
This painting makes me feel anger because the artist lacked important details for the raised land or mountain top, you can hardly tell what it is they are trying to paint.
Painting looks like the main guy is judging Christians (with halos), then having them killed in the background.
The fact they have a serial number in the left hand corner means that people actually WANT this half-assed painting in their homes. That unreasonably offends me.
The way this was drawn with the thick black lines and the angry face on the drawing makes me feel the artist was angry when they drew this.
The black mask with the dark "facial features" look angry the way the "eyebrows" look furrowed.
I don’t understand paintings such as this. The painting seems rather boring. The colors are simply not pleasings. There is no emotional attachment
The lines look like an error message, and the red makes me feel hot and angry.
The old man seems to be losing his patience trying to read the letter in the dim light.
I don't know why this woman painted here alone looks like she is angry but looking at her expression of anger makes me feel anger for her.
The man angers me as he seems to have a smug look on his face while woman surround him and do his bidding.
I'd be very angry if a professional artist decided this is what I looked like.
The look on the womans face shows that she is fed up with the work
This painting could mean hundreds of different things and I can't figure out any of them
The black spots are haphazard and an interruption in the otherwise bright scene
It looks like a plate of smushed spinach lasagna.
This woman dropped all of her apples and the other one isn't helping her pick them up.
A naked woman lies dead on the floor as a Muslim raider leers at her body and two others strip the clothes from another woman.
I don't like this it doesn't feel finished
Mad because my life is in danger.
This drawing looks like a bar code and is very nerve-wracking.
A precious moment between a mother and child almost ruined by this man
The older man that is standing behind this woman with the baby appears to be angry and maybe even dangerous to this woman and her children that are with her therefore that makes me angry.
I feel anger while looking at this picture as it appears to be that the soldier has his sword up to someone that is laying on the ground while the other townspeople just stand there and watch.
The girl in the picture looks very young, This is an inappropiate type of art.
The woman appears annoyed we interupted her reading.
The woman appears to retract from the will of the soldier.
I can't figure out why this passes as art.
The faces of the women and men show a type of anger or disagreement. Being paired off makes it even more so.
Why didn't this painting get finished? I feel cheated at first. I notice more than a signature written in the bottom right hand corner. Maybe this is the beginning of the master teaches the student. Early stages of impressionist in training is not such a bad thing. I see snow on the roof. Horses out front. Pioneer days
This is not art, just three slabs together.
This is just three pieces of plain white paper.
Doesn't feel like we are getting the whole picture.  Like it is a zoomed in view.
This looks like a waste of paint. I am upset that someone thought this was art.
This guy just looks like an asshole. He's pale, bald, has pretentious clothing, and just a very judgemental demeanor about him, particularly in the eyes.
This picture makes me feel anger because it seems like he is giving someone dirty looks. The dark colors make me feel the anger even more.
The scribbled lines make me think of angry cursive hand writing and a painter who was upset.
This reminds me of when I tiled a bathroom and is about as interesting.
The person's expression seems very serious and negative. That makes me feel somewhat of the same way. Whenever I see a person who is in a negative mood, that affects my mood as well. Their eyebrows seem furrowed, and they are not smiling. They are also surrounded by darkness. Therefore, these elements put together make me feel a little angry.
The woman looks like she is pushing a man away and other people are trying to help her.
Looks unfinished and more a paint pallet ready for use!
Feels like two paintings together.  No connection.
I feel anger while looking at this painting because the shape reminds me of a snake and I hate snakes.
To me this painting shows the elaborate exploitation that went on during colonization of the world by the West.
The man looks angry with his eyes squinting.
The lines are thick and cartoonish, and look like propaganda
Like looking down on a pyramid.  No talent in this.
The man is holding a gun, a device that can harm people
The colors bother me the drawing bothers me heck everything about this angers me in every way,
This guy has smug expression and is well-dressed, he strikes me as someone who looks down on people beneath him given his broad shoulders and emphasis on his upper body as if he towers over everyone.
Like two bits of wallpaper combined.  Colors don't go together and wouldn't want to look at it for long - it would mess with my eyes.
I think the black and red together fires me up a little bit.
looks like a barcode doesnt inspire any feelings.
How dare the dark blackness within attempt to escape into the yellow color of the light.
This woman's mouth is pursed, her eyebrows arced sharply, she looks up at the viewer as if they are the biggest annoyance! I can feel her irritation through the portrait.
What a serpent, yes Eve, pick the apple from the tree.
I am angry that they killed someone and there is a book on her and that they are holding another lady and laughing.
This image makes me angry because it makes me thing about all the people around the world who have suffered from forced religion and wars caused by religion.
This guy just seems like a pretentious and judgemental person. He has upstanding posture, is dressed up, and is staring blankly which denotes superiority and dignity in an unappealing way.
It’s war. People are going to die. That’s sad.
That is not art.  It is a crayon version of a barcode.
It looks like there’s about to be an argument and that makes me feel like I need to be ready to argue too.
Looks like the man has a gun. His frowning face makes me think he’s going to harm someone. That makes me feel angry. No one should die.
Looks more the remains of a paint pallet than art.
This looks pretty religious in nature and I'm not a fan.
The scar on mans face and his serious looks reflects the anger and regret he has of the incident which have him left scarred for life.
The man on the left is annoyed at the child in red.
The tree stands tall, blocking the view of the town completely.
For some reason, the lack of connection of the strokes of the building frustrate me, but I honestly feel that is intentional.
This incomplete painting is makes me angry why did someone waste their time on this thing
Everyone in this painting looks angry and that causes me second hand anger.
The man needs help as he is attacked by demons.
He looks angry so it just makes you feel angry.
The man hunkers down, over his shoulder he peers, hiding something in his hands, from the rest of his peers.
The bright orange and red trickling down from the central black cloud reminds me or raining fire. The bottom teal and orange portion reminds me of an open book being destroyed.
This represents nothing real except test lines on monitors, which no one enjoys.
The lines were black and white too, but I saw red as my anger grew.
The woman looks annoyed that she has been forced to walk in her dress.
I don't get the idea why people make this kind of incomplete drawing
The jagged yellow lines illicit a stern and harsh feeling in my stomach.
dark watercolor with the greys and blacks highlight a angry woman dressed in black not happy to be there.
I honestly feel like I am picking up on this woman's angry vibes- from her clasped hands to the sharp eyebrows towards the messy artistic style.
This looks like a badly designed bathroom tile and the complementary colours are difficult to look at
I just don't get how this called art - I know all of the "excuses" but sometimes it just doesn't wash with me.
Dark the mans expression,  against the lights gleam, if it were any darker, he wouldn't be seen.
This man looks like a drunk who isnt very nice.
It looks like the poor animal is being forced into slavery.
I dislike the way the person has crossed their legs together
This looks like a picture from the slavery era. He get the feeling he's hunting slaves and not animals. He looks arrogant like an aristocrat.
A man with a sword standing over someone injured or dead makes me angry.
Paintings from this era make me angry. They look entitled and the kid looks like a brat. The guy with his hand on the child looks like a pedophile.
I know the person with the sword is good but the coloring and the angry sky make him look bad
I feel angry because I see a man ready to strike a sword at an animal, namely a dragon. The female to the right of the dragon looks like she is ready to hit the animal.
The lines in the  painting are faint and looks unfinished, which makes me mad with the lack of work.
How is a bunch of sparse lines on a white page considered art?
The lady's expression makes me think she's highly judgemental and thinks too highly of herself in an unlikeable way.
The colors are those of anger to me, plus her face is not warm and inviting. She looks like a mean queen that has hurt people.
The red angry colors represent someone who is bitter with life.
This painting has so little going on that I find it upsetting.
I feel angry watching that man make others do things they don't want to.
I feel angry in looking at this image because these men appear to be trying to torment one another, especially the one crouching in tge drum on the left
What is good,bad and ugly its all decided by powerful being and the picture and the story in it is a perfect example for that.
This looks incomplete. Almost like a picture that has been covered with the expectation of scratching off a design. its caked on and boring, it makes me mad/sad that this could ever been seen as art compared to an actual detailed work. Its like someone is pulling a prank to get some quick cash.
The shape of the hat reminds me of the KKK
Something about the red line dividing the two black triangle parts makes me feel like this stands for something bad.
The triangle reminds me of the Deathly Hallows sign from Harry Potter and it makes me angry that it is missing the circle and the red looks like piercing fire that hurts.
the reds and oranges make me feel very angry and disturbed. those colors have alot of negative energy
This artwork makes me angry because I do not understand what I'm supposed to get from it and that frustrates me.
The painting lacks defined shapes and looks like a bunch of random squiggles, which makes me mad.
The red marks look like scribbles. I cannot determine what they are and what they are trying to represent, which is frustrating
A mostly blank picture consisting of nothing more than a few red squiggles with no apparent meaning. The type of modern art I find particularly boring.
It's not art, it's just squiggles on a blank canvas. This probably sells for thousands of dollars.
This really looks like two scribbles on a page. I don't really like this piece, because it doesn't really utilize any skill or technique.
It looks like a tiny fish swimming through a chain link fence in a miniature tv whoch makes me upset since fish belong in water
This picture looks like a scribble; the artist’s talent is not clear. It makes me wonder how it ends up recognized as art when so many talented artists struggle.
Angry a bit, if I came upon a sign in a garden full of flowers I would want to be able to read it.
I'd be furious if I saw this in an art gallery. It's not art.
I want to help the woman, the man looks like he is trying to trip her.
The woman seems annoyed she is interrupted while reading her book.
The woman looks like she's not very happy at the viewer.
Why the woman's face is drawn with expressionless lips, the eyes and eyebrows radiate sternness and give a hint of quiet anger.
The boy's dress doesn't compliment the scenery of the painting.
The fur coat came from a helpless little animal
This child looks smug and like they might be a brat and that makes me upset.
The woman's sickly color and sullen expression makes me think that she's an annoying downer of a lady.
The red in the woman's cheeks make her looked flushed and upset inspiring the same feeling
An abstract mess. Objects can not be recognized, only speculated at. It is a brown muddy mix of color. Not very appealing, but would make a nice postage stamp.
The color combination is jarring and clashing, and the big strokes give a sense of force and anger to the painting.
The way the dogs are attacking the deer seems cruel and unnecessarily painful for the hunt.
The elk is suffering by being eaten by the dogs, and whipped at the same time. The horse also looks like it's being abused.
The man whipping the deer pisses me off. I hate to see animals mistreated!
The violence inflicted on the surrounded animal in the center in the image is intense and overwhelming.
The man with whip in hand appears about to lash one of many starving dogs - it makes me madder than hell.
I know it was a way of life but seeing them kill that animal made me angry
the image has animal cruelty; a reindeer has been caught by a pack of dogs and the dogs are being whipped to get away from the game by the hunter.
The man's whipping of a deer makes for a cruel sight that makes me furious.
The man with a whip inspires feelings of anger because of the cowering animals.
A  train making its way in a smoky dusty railway line. Seems like alot of air pollution to the environment.
There is hardly any trees around, with the barren mountains.
The splotches of paint look sloppily done - not like a good piece of art
The reds and dark blues splattered roughly and runny drips plus the red looks like blood.
The expressions on their faces look like they are fighting. The colors seem to contradict their faces almost like a cartoon. The women seems scared.
The woman and man look upset with each other.
It looks like these folks are slaves or indentured servants forced to work here. Pretty sad and upsetting to see.
The strong and somewhat jagged strokes uses to depict the people give them an angry look, as though they're in the middle of an argument with each other.
A man offering something to the woman is nice but it makes me angry having her bow.
Logging is nececassry, but in the case of harveesting 1 or 2 trees can't a person just find a dead fall tree, like the quaking aspen to the right?  Maybe this pine wass a dead tree that needed to be cut down.  but why paint that?
ALTHOUGH THIS IS ON A MUCH SMALLER SCALE, THIS REMINDS ME OF CLEAR CUTTING A FOREST. A TOPIC THAT HAS ANGERED ME SINCE I FIRST LEARNED ABOUT IT IN SCHOOL AS A CHILD.
It looks like people have cut down trees. It angers me when people destroy the earth and nature.
This fellow just looks very cynical and unfriendly. I also find that the painting has a very chaotic theme to it that comes across as agitating.
Probably more annoyed than angered - there's an angel flying around but this crowned guy looks disgruntled holding his gold. Makes me think angel is address a wrong that this guy committed.
The hats and judgemental expressions on each man's face make me think that these are smug people to be around.
An old ruined house gives me a sense of isolation and hopeless.
the crucifixion constitutes cruel and unusual punishment
These crucifixions are barbaric and disgusting.
scene of Jesus' crucifixion with most of the audience having sad faces (bottom left).
This one seems like it just shows the muddled interworking's of a depressed mind. Like something someone at an insane asylum would pain to express their feelings and love for murder..
The red paint splattered over the other colors in a chaotic way makes me feel the anger.
The red colors and harsh strokes with sharp corners make me feel angry.
The blocky nature of the red-orange parts of the painting feel very abrupt and clashing with the rest of the painting, jutting in forcibly.
I'm angry if someone actually paid for this.
This man is shaming the other man and it brings a feeling of darkness to my heart.
The vertical lines look like prison bars locking up someone
The white lines across the painting look like they are crossing out what could have been a pretty design.
The red paint looks like it is blood and angry.
the soldiers are preparing for battle
the bison are butting heads
The fight buffalo remind me that society can never share.
He looks like one of those arrogant slave owners that has killed people with that sword.
He looks very angry, perhaps because he doesn't want to pose for the painting. Makes you angry for him.
The man in the painting evokes a feeling of anger as he is peering off into the distance.
This woman has to take her children into the field with her so she can work and feed them.
She's sitting for a portrait with her pooch, but you can tell she's an entitled tyrant. She's probably a slave owner.
A picture of christ being nailed to the cross makes me angry to see knowing they did this to people.
crucifiction is cruelly unjustified
The sight of the diety representation being murdered for no reason is horrid.
Seeing the men on a crucifix fills me with anger that humans could even do this to other humans.
The blurry details of the painting makes me feel annoyed by the lack of attention in the painting.
the slaughter of once very magnificent birds and animals
It makes me angry that this is considered art and someone could be paid for it.
Frustrating to look at. Just a black square that denotes difficulty and frustration.
One yellow square on lines of color does not constitute art in my opinion. This looks way too simple.
The face on the building looks very mad.
The crown and fancy garb make this look like a rich lady and I hate economic disparity.
This painting shows the anger of an elderly woman and how she is wanting to harm someone.
Angry is the man who draws his sword.
The old man looks like he has gone crazy with age.
The man looks very concerned as he's looking at the viewer.
The messy and sharp paint strokes are the sign of an angry hurt artist.
The colors and lines all clash with each other a bunch. They look like the brush strokes were laid down in a chaotic and angry fashion.
This painting conveys anger to me.  The heavy strokes of red and yellow really mix together to show a sense of anger.  Also, the man's face looks very intense and it looks like he may be holding a weapon.
all the other ladies seem to be jealous of the lady with the gentleman and are talking behind her back.
it feels like there is a battle going on, like this was painted in the middle of a conflict
The crowd of people seems to be angry about something.
the crowd is angry at what has just happenned
The man seems annoyed that we have viewed him without clothes.
The trains are making so much pollution thzt eill hurt the enviornment.
This could be easily duplicated, and it is boring.
This isn't a painting. It's just several solid rectangles.
Modern art at it's absolute worst - a couple of rectangular panels - puts me in mind of what I once overheard at the Corcoran: "My five year old could paint that!"
If I saw this in a museum, I'd be furious. This is not art.
This looks like a picture of someone who wants to make sure people who view it know he is watching. It is dark and menacing and the gaze looks controlling and judging.
The poor woman on the ground is being forced into sexual servitude.
The smug faces of the individuals in the center along with the pained expressions of those on the left make think that these people are cruel.
A woman with her breasts out begging from a man makes me angry.
The paintstrokes make the plant look spiky and dry and it makes me angry because climate change came to mind.
The way the girl is pinching her lips together is frustrating.
It makes me angry because I don't understand the point of it since it's ugly and big
The ugliness of this yellow figure makes me annoyed it was put up.
The red color seems to be dominant in the chaos of colors.
The image is of armed individuals striking unarmed people. I hate violence and bullies and only bullies use force of arms to dominate unarmed individuals.
the display of power by beating the poor and weak is a tradition in the world everywhere .
A black and white photo of police besting people makes me so mad.
I am angry about the brutality that is depicted in this forceful subjugation of a crowd.
I hate violence of any kind,no matter who or why its done.
there seems to be so much chaos and rage
I can feel the movement in this photo and it is incredibly aggressive
The subject matter of a group of people being beaten by authorities is grim and upsetting, and this is amplified by the black and white color scheme that heavily favors black.
The men with tge billy bats beating down the populace make me feel angry because that is wrong and tyrannical towards the other people.
It's painting brings out anger in me and reminds me of the time that we were slaves and treated as less than. I don't like the way the African American is in the corner bending over.
The men outside this home seem to be disrespecting it, like the guy urinating on it on the right side of the picture, but the man in the doorway seems to be harassing the woman while another person is hiding but peeking out the window.
The painting's sheeps lack details while the trees are intricate, which angers me with the disparity.
The reds in the face contrast with the light blue background and the man's concerned look and frown make me feel anger about something unknown.
A portrait of a nude woman with young children peeping from the fence looks irresponsible. Shows recklessness.
The other girls hide as the one girl offers herself as a sacrifice to save them and her eyes are already dead.
I'm mad as they killed the chosen one, Jesus. It looks sad and grim in this scene.
I feel like the subject matter of the painting (Christ's death) has been spoilt by the distorted facial expressions of some of the figures.
This makes me angry about the way the slaves were treated but at the same time this painting is an excellent reminder of the history of the African American people. This painting uses a great color and affects to show what the African American people went through.
The painting is mostly abstract splashes of color, which includes many red tones that look like blood. They chaotic feel and blood-like colors evoke a feeling of anger and aggression.
No child should be forced to sit and get their picture taken naked whether it's a picture or a painting
It is wrong on so many levels to have a child pose naked for a painting!
This is a lame photo and doesn't mean much to me.
The flowers in the painting lack any internal details, which makes makes me mad with the lack of artistic care.
The use of red is overwhelming and makes me feel upset
The people seem to be having a rough argument in the dusty room.
This painting makes me a bit angry because everything is set so far back that it makes it harder to tell what's going on and everything that is happening off to the side is very dark.
Abstract and collage style art often feels very chaotic. Whatever flow there may be is sporadic and changing. Are they parts of a whole juxtaposed, or all random images? The contrast of light and dark is interesting, and the brighter areas draw your attention. It could be a still life all cut and pasted, but I can't help but wonder why there is a random lemon mixed in with all this randomness. I don't see how this could be aesthetically pleasing.
The elite, rich white people riding through town like they are entitled, while others are walking and seem poorer than the riders.
This girl looks like she is too good for anyone else.
then man looks like he is about to hit something with whatever he is holding above his head
This bland image of boring vague coloring is a waste of potential creativity.
The painting is nothing more than a plain gray wall, which infuriates me with the lack of color or detail.
It is frustrating that there is nowhere my eyes can "land" on this painting.  Following the edges is very irksome.
The flowery splashes of paint on the sides fare poorly with the blank center, which annoys me.
This looks like someone just made a border and forgot to do something in the middle of canvas. It just annoys me to see this big empty space.
The color contrast is poor, and the bars created by the vertical lines are not of equal size or uniform in any way.
There's nothing on the painting except lines, which infuriates me at the lack of effort in drawing.
This looks exactly like a piece of wainscoting panel - if this is art then Home Depot is an art gallery.
To be blunt this looks like a picture of a bathroom wall, it is just a pale color with lines, and that leaves me wondering what I'm supposed to take away from it.
It makes one sad that there is so much pollution in the air.
The man dances like Jazz plays on the radio.
Too many colors and shapes all combined in a shapeless fashion give no meaning and give me a headache.
this is a scene of conflict and misery. an innocent man is being killed
The small figure really seems to have an angry expression on its face.
The woman looks like she is being mean and waiting for someone to attend to her.
The expression of the man holding the skull looks so condescending towards the kneeling man
She's pretty ticked off at me, but really, the whole situation is her fault, and she knows it.
The man is really venting his emotions at the laptop screen.
Having a game where people disagree can lead to anger. I can see the emotions getting out of control.
Men shouting at each other with angry faces brings with it a sense of anger.
Graffiti art seems to make angry because ususal this type of trash is done to someone's private property. I hope one day that person gets caught by the police.
The damage done to the green belt will be unacceptable!
a bottle of anger in a green black and red bottle this makes me feel angry as well looking at it
He shows strongly he supports the specific person and againsts the system.
a crowd of people protesting - i don't want to be caught up in this crowd
This animal is giving me the stink-eye like it wishes a MF would. Well, I would!
She looks like the kid who beat me up in second grade and took my lunch money.
It is slogans such as the one exhibited in the bottom-right corner of the image that are to blame for the increasing reckless abandon that is plaguing our society at present, especially youth.
this broody person in this picture looks really angry at life
This picture of the wolf trying to bite the ground just shows anger.  Even though this is no representation of women/girls on their period.
The look on this man face is showing nothing but pure anger.  It almost terrifies you how angry he looks.
The man does not look happy, even a little bit mad.
This angers me because no person should have to look so scared or terrified.  He looks as though he might be homeless and extremely cold.
this Asian person looks really angry and about to start a fight with someone
The intense look on this dudes face has got me feeling fired up as well, intense as can be.
I feel an anger to match the anger of my new nemesis glaring at me in the photo.
These old guys piss me off by making a racket on my one day off in three weeks.
This makes me feel anger that people are being treated unfairly.  You can tell by the woman with her hands to her mouth that she is screaming about some injustice.
These poor souls are about to be pierced by some arrows and it angers me. What did this people do to deserve this?
The anger in the picture makes it so for me/
a slogan on this picture anger is power is scary and it makes you feel abgry too
The baseball genre reminds me of a boring game and my exhusband.
The protesters are unhappy with paycuts and I stand in solidarity.
I dilsike ill thought out unmovable protests, there should always be room for all sides to be heard.
Unarmed protesters incessantly whining about something no matter what is just the new age variant of flash mobs with pitchforks.
these two asian boys look very angry at life
a person with a red face screaming  loud looks really angry and scary
Many US cities are look more and more like this. You can't call yourself the "greatest nation on earth" when your cities look like this.
This pile of trash is why we are experiencing sever climate change.
This makes me extremely angry!! No one should ever put this type of muzzle on a dog.  The dog also appears unwashed and so sad.
For some reason the water looks really dirty here and reminds me of how polluted our world is.
A pile of cigarattes left on the floor can be dangerous if accessed by children.
The painting of the man looks so angry and the person who did this mural really captivated the raw anger in this person.
My attention is drawn to the man in the mural exhibiting frustration and rage.  This is further amplified by the palm trees in the background.
The red dress indicates evil within the crows.
This picture of the hulk complaining about people fills me with frustration.
This crowd of people have angry looks on their faces like they are protesting.
Everybody looks like they're protesting about something outside.
The claw game brings back so many frustrating moments of being a kid and wanting to win so bad, but never succeeding.
This image depicts an arcade game, which are rigged so I can never win
The figure looks very mad when staring at the viewer.
This is a photo of a man on a jet ski. I think of the pointless noise and disruption to the natural world.
The people protesting have angry expressions on their face.
I hate these faux-profound statements; they're everywhere on social media.
These poor oppressed women, I feel anger on their behalf.
Everybody looks like they're in a protest about something that happened recently.
The man’s facial expression looks like he is about to blow up on someone. It is dark and dreary and he seems about ready to lose it.
I like the fact that it's monochromatic; it allows you to focus on the man's expression, which is terrifying
Looks like he is whining nd gonna throw a hissy fit, reminds me of when my boys would do that when they were little. I hated that.
The man is shouting and looks very angry. The dark red colour of the image also creates a negative feeling that reinforces mans angry emotion.
I want to scream with him for no reason.
I feel anger because it looks like the person is giving a angry look.
To leave chicken legs or animal legs lying around like this is a gross injustice to decent people everywhere!
I feel anger because the person in the image is getting chocked
The picture of the baby chimp in a cage makes me feel really angry.
The darkness of the shadows along with the woman's narrowed eyes and pursed lips suggest an angry tone.
It looks like the person has had their mouth stapled shut so they cannot express their opinion. It looks very cruel.
This image makes me feel anger because it makes me picture a fly buzzing around me being annoying.
This photo telling me to manage my pain with a man screaming makes me feel angry, especially with the color scheme being black and red - now I want to SCREAM!!
Graffiti can be stunning if it was done on allocated spaces, but in this instance it is vandalism.
Something nice destroyed by something brainless, I can never see the point, it is so senseless.
I hate graffiti and this makes me mad at the person who did this.
This image makes me feel anger because it makes me picture someone littering all these cans on the ground, and this hurts our plants.
Picture of a pile of cans in a field, makes me angry that people would litter like that.
People blocking the street and causing traffic jams for social causes.
This photo makes me feel anger because in 2020 there are people (like the 60's) who still have to protest for equal rights!
One of my least favorite creature on earth is a rat, and a dead rat is really disgusting!!
This reminds me of annoying things that happen on airplanes.
Both of these ladies are so annoyed.
I wouldn't want to receive such a mean message from someone.  Both of the emojis seem angry.
The obscene words create a message that invokes feelings of anger.
The message in this image offends me and makes me upset although I'm not sure why...
I think the kid swimming is quite unsafe and there's no safety measure put in place.
The woman offering some bottle of pills brings back tense memories of peer pressure as a young kid.
The amount of trash on the street irritates me; I don't understand how people can be so careless and selfish as to leave a mess like that.
It make me mad to see some propaganda anti-arab.
The picture montage of anti Muslim pictures makes me upset.
This girl is not happy her picture is being taken. I can tell she's about to rip the camera out of the person's hand.
A grimacing woman does not appear pleased to have her picture taken. I can imagine how annoyed I would feel in this moment and would prefer to be left alone.
The broken game make me mad because it is expensive.
The stone wall in this picture that surrounds a mound of land makes me feel angry because it reminds me of of a place that my ancestor donated where I have to pay to visit. Fort Erie Battlefield museum.
violence on women is a miost disgusting act, and this person seems to have been hurt pretty badly.
I'm tired of seeing emojis on everything and hate all the complaining I see on social media.  This quote about spam is nothing but spam.
contains foul language and is hacking the concept of a video game that is mostly for teens.
Thus image makes me angry because I don't completely agree with it and I think it is mostly propaganda.
This quote about love angers me. In my personal opinion, love is not something that should be challenging at all times. This is reality for many people in abusive relationships.
The guy is visibly angry; the facial expression is of anger.
There is no excuse for trash to be laying on the ground when there are trash cans to put it in.
A crowd of people enjoying the park make me hate social distancing.
This person here is letting out a fierce scream. I feel his anger through this.
The man is letting off his anger to the degree that his face seems to change color. I know I feel better when I'm allowed to let off some steam.
The colors are bright and angry and the person's face looks mad and as if it is screaming out in anger.
This is an infuriating photograph. The composition makes it focus on one any subjects as the swan is cut off and there is a ferris wheel in the background.
The hands look to be after effect of a fist fight.
As a child, his only way to deal with something negative is to pull his cap down over his face. I can remember feeling this way as a child.
The empty Ferris wheel makes me hate these times of social distancing and long for companionship.
Would you do this in your living room? No - so why do it in other places you "live" in?
This is the Result of what Politians do..CREATE war and separations among people so that INNOCENT people DIE.
Reading the ad, I feel like I need to train away my anger as well!
the remains of an animal reflects on the cruel  and selfish behavior of humans and their desire which knows no bound.
The water scene is marred by the huge word "JOY". You don't have to be at a seaside to be joyful.
As someone who loves the beach, I loathe people who feed the birds, which it looks like these people are doing.
This is meant to be scary, but I dislike horror movies and I don't find them entertaining at all. I actually get angry that they exist at all.
the bodies of innocent dead animals lying together makes me so angry of the people who kill innocent beings.
I would be made if I was sleeping over at someone's house and their cat slept on my blanket
Even though this a fun little train ride with the kids, the blue in this photo makes it unattractive. It makes me dizzy if I stare at it too long.
You can almost feel the anger in this person's soul as you look at see him grit his teeth and give a very mad look while expressing his emotions.
This is an invitation to the party that those two jerks, Stew and Jess, didn't invite me to!
This makes me annoyed because all of these people are blocking the ride and it looks like they are a nuisance.
The trash is terrible and contributing to our global climate change!
It is not so clear what is going on in this picture but it is certainly a troubling situation with the trash on the street and the guy without a shirt on. Whatever the reason, it makes me angry that it has to be that way.
The small wave appears to be moving quickly which reminds me of how humans are choosing to use the entire ocean way too quickly.
The statements that this woman makes suggests she has been abused which angers me.
This looks like an ad for helping victims of rape.
I feel anger because the signs in the photos are indirectly saying a man molested her. She looks young and that's horrible someone thought to do that to her.
The terrible skin condition of this dog makes me angry at the owner for treating it so poorly.
Nothing ruins the peace of a beach as much as a looming high rise building does.
this picture does not indicate social distancing measures to prevent the spread of covid.
This is the face of someone before they face the guillotine. No one should die in this fashion, ever.
If this is post COVID all of these people are subjecting themselves to a healthcare nightmare.
This makes me think of people who leave trash in the woods after camping and dont respect nature.
The man has a stern expression on his face and is sitting alone like he is stewing from a confrontation.
The woman has a very angry, aggressive, and threatening look on her face.
This makes me so angry that the poor dog has to sleep in the dog house.
this guy looks angry I dislike this photo
This is a photo depicting the truth of humans and what we are and what we live and stand for and that's the destruction of earth because at this point nothing else make sense and all in the name of money. So yes this picture makes me angry because humanity is a true virus.
It saddens and angers me to see human garbage strewn across a street.
The image shows litter on the streets which makes me furious as humans need to take better care of our planet.
The hammer seems to hit the egg smack dab on the head. I can only imagine incurring someone's wrath on my head in such a brutal fashion.
The man is incredibly close to the camera and has a very angry and aggressive expression.
The whole idea that a message like this is necessary is infuriating.  It's so painfully sad that bullying is this prevalent.
I'm not that bothered by the bit that says you would be committing a crime, it's the bit where people tell others to kill themselves. I get so angry by people that sit behind their computer and say awful things like that.
I am angry that anyone would ever tell another to commit suicide, and glad that someone would speak out.
Phrase of encouragement - overly simplistic and a photo of something you could find at a craft store
Positive message, but who are they to tell someone how to feel. What do they know.
This woman looks like she has a migraine. It makes my head hurt just to look at her.
This Man looks angry. He is experiencing anger  and looks like he is ready to act on it.
I feel anger. At war. I see red with an anger face ready to fight. Sharp teeth. Not to happy with this picture.
The tattoo on his arm is ugly amd reminds me of offensive groups.
This person has the sign of the devil on him. I would love to have five minutes with him alone in a room to teach him a lesson. He would walk out that room like Moses walked down from Mount Sinai, shocked by what he just experienced.
I think it is stupid and offensive to put a satanic symbol tattooed upon oneself. The whole thing, including the bad handwriting as part of that tattoo, feels tacky and offensive.
Aggressive tattoos, it makes it look like this person has anger issues.
These young girls look drunk and are in bikinis. not a fan
I don't like people yelling at others as the woman on the right does, and certainly not at someone who can't reply like the tape mouthed woman on the left.
I love how this picture captures my childhood with someone yelling at you and the woman with the tape over her mouth and face down showing how we were to respond.
One woman is yelling at another woman who has duct tape over her mouth so she cannot speak and she looks sad. Everyone has a right to be heard. No one person should dominate or control another.
The barbed wire looks like it is probably keeping something/someone in somewhere. It makes me think of a prison where I think prisoners' are treated unfairly a lot of the time and that makes me angry.
Such a beautiful piece of history decaying is so disappointing and angering, when it could have been protected.
I am an animal lover and I don't like to see people playing around with animals like that.
this makes me angry, sad and upset people just done care
There is graphite on the side of this side. This makes me feel angry because people should take care of their cities not deface them.
The vandalism here makes me annoyed that some people have nothing better to do than destroy things.
It makes me angry to see graffiti on public property.
This photo of this women makes me feel that I sure wouldn't want to mess with her. She looks really pissed off at someone. Her dark eyes and black lipstick makes her look evil..
This red haired lady with the dark eyes and black lipstick looks like she's ready to fight someone.
The dragon looks very angry as it's staring down the other way and it's spikes sticking out.
his hand gesture is offensive.
I dont like pictures of anyone shooting a bird at the camera, it's always a turn off for me.
The female looks engaged in her conversation but the male's eyes are almost shut. He isn't paying attention to her.
I took a trip to a beach and saw litter all over like this. It made me think of the lack of respect people have.
A outdoor scene with lots if trash - makes me angry about his we treat our planet
Just another advertisement suckering people into making a video for some company.
The special filter that is put on this photograph makes my eyes hurt looking at it therefore that is why I feel angry.
The alligator's eye projects malice and violence--it is a predator.
Protesters are usually angry at something and want their voices heard.
This photograph of Obama makes me feel a little angry because of the mild vandalism on his forehead. It remains me of the "bindi", a coloured dot worn on the forehead by Hindus. The Bindu is considered significant in Hinduism because it is where creation is believed to have begun.
I do not like how a target was drawn in the middle of Obama's forehead and it makes me angry that anyone would find that amusing.
I like this former president but not the dot drawn on his head.
The fact that one kid is facing the wall and the teaching is yelling indicates a punishment. If that's the case, it could have been handled better like removing him from the situation as opposed to escalating jealousy.
Protest always make me feel angry. Not because of them protesting but the fact that we have to in order to get people to do the right thing.
The person flipping their finger at us makes me upset!
The young boy's middle finger makes me pissed off with his rudeness.
This person is flipping the camera off so I feel like they are angry about something.
The look on the faces of these two people are annoying to look at.
The lady holding or literally trying to nab a small creature,shows the insensitive side of the powerful towards the weak.
I feel upset because of how the person looks so angery and serious.
This red and black poster of a restrained fist certainly looks like it is trying to display anger.
His finger says he's not very happy.  I am insulted when some one makes this sign with their finger.
I don't know why the tattoed man is giving me the finger but it makes me mad and makes me want to give it back to him.
This photo makes me think of my childhood and how i was never able to afford to go to these events.
The litter thrown on the ground makes me angry.
It looks like he is planning on having the world run by machines. That we gone all be screwed
The violating of another person and exposing the body to another person makes one angry.
No one likes losing. This phrase makes me feel like I lost and I wouldnt be so happy about it.
The bird and ship look blurry and poorly edited
This cat’s going to lay around all day doing nothing and then expect to be fed. Do some work, cat!
This protest gives makes me want to go march with the crowd as education is an important part of everyone's life.
Looking at this photo makes me think of going to church on Sundays with my mother and hating to wake up early on the weekend.
I'm an atheist so I disagree with this on a religious standpoint but also a life standpoint. There's no point in having food or clothes if the life they are extending isn't worth it.
the chase and fight feels as if this is the last and final round and one or another has to loose or win by hurting other.
The wastefulness of money that went into this building brings a feeling of being mad.
More stupid and worthless terrorism seen here after the Boston Marathon bombing.
A parent could not plan better and has to cut up the child's toys to burn for warmth shame on you daddy!
This is a picture of two people walking behind some trees and in front of buildings. The forefront of the photo an area of nature full of garbage, tires, and pollution. It makes me feel anger because going on nature walks together is such a beautiful thing but there is so much ruin and irresponsibility all around.
This is a photograph of two girls who are walking and in the foreground with her walking is a grassy area which is full of trash that makes me angry it makes me sad and makes me disgusted that people can be so selfish and so foolish about just leaving garbage everywhere
The garbage on the hill makes me wish people didn't litter.
The dirty, cluttered mess of the warehouse makes me mad at the dirty state.
A man’s opened mouth which looks like shouting to somebody else angers me. I love people who talk on a low tone and politely.
The man with the snake looks like he's very mad about something as he's looking at the viewer.
The photo makes me feel angry because I can only assume the man in the photo is up in my face being mean
This man's facial expression with huge eyes and gritting teeth feels like he is very upset and mad about something!
The man grits his teeth like a lion ready to attack.
The photograph of a coffee shop with cigarrate filters and coffee cups lying allover is not a good sight.
The young boy is upset he can't play games with the others.
With everything going on in the world with Black Lives Matters, police brutality and the protests, this photo is triggering because it reminds me of excessive force used by officers, even though you cannot tell from the photograph what prompted the individual's arrest.
It appears as if this man has done a crime. I feel upset this happened.
Brings up the feelings of anger of me of eating and having to fight flies from landing on my food during the summer months.
The signs and crowd make me feel as though I am at a protest, reminding me of current political climate.
While I believe in the Bible and what it says and while I don't believe in gay marriage, I don't think gays should be put to death. I'm angry with this in-your-face poster.
The photo is blurry, which makes me mad since I can't appreciate the  details of the environment.
The dark sky is scary, the bleak landscape has nothing green in it.
whatever made that mess is probably going to stain even after its been cleaned up. and no one likes to waste things by spilling them!
A poster of an angry person and the definition of the word makes me feel angry as well.
This image looks angry to me. the red cloud looking thing combined with the barbed wire fence on the bottom. just feels angry
The large eyes on this face are piercing forward and feel angry and dangerous.
Lazy morons littering, even in these modern days we still have throwbacks who think it is ok to chuck rubbish into nature.
The large amount of trash littered out on the trees makes me mad with the carelessness of people.
Plastic bottles lying on a riverbed shows how poorly people are disposing plastic waste. It is hazardous to the environment. It angers me alot to see this.
The eyebrows frowning downward and the way the eyes are placed on this sculpture make me feel it is an angry face with bad feelings.
That book collection reminds me of my youth and the summertime. While all the other kids were vacationing i was taking classes and reading books like a tale of two cities.
This makes me so mad! I hate it when people throw their garbage and discarded objects into nature and just leave them there.
I'm upset that in this day an age people are not recycling like they should instead they litter road ways with their garbage.
The painting looks unfinished, which annoys me sine the fence is much more intricate than the people.
The broken camera makes me mad as I'd like to know what sort of careless person broke such a valuable item.
He looks enraged. I feel that this this depth of anger is relatable and takes a lot of negative circumstances to reach.
The group of protesters expressing their rage and disappointment makes me feel sympathetic to their cause
Betrayal is not lost on those who at one time supported you. I remember when I felt betrayed by someone who I thought would always be there for me.
This is a photograph of trash and it just makes me angry is garbage cans everywhere and people need to be responsible for taking care of the planet so it just makes me angry that there is trash littering the streets on the side
The man plays a carnival game.  These kinds of games make me feel angry because they are rigged so the player loses.
The woman is grabbing her head as if in frustration and has a grimace on her face
No one should die in our "justice" system and this sign reminds me of that.
The picture appears to be missing pieces, which is really annoying as I can't properly appreciate the photo then.
Cigarette filters lying around are full of toxins and dangerous to the environment. I feel angered to see irresponsible waste disposals.
People who post things like this on social media are just attention whores.
I don't believe that penguins should be in held in cages and they are suit to the cold not away from their environment.
The woman is gesturing in an angered manner, and I feel as though I myself am in the argument.
A man appears to have caused a bruise in a woman's eye by punching it.
The woman has a black eye and it makes me angry that someone would hurt her.
i feel the person is angry and that makes me feel angry and upset also
the stern face ,the angry eyes all seems to look as if the girl is going to give a tight slap to someone.
This looks a fantastic black and white photo of a wonderful building but it is cut in two!
This makes me angry and upset to see a person cutting open an animal with no remorse for what they are doing!
I see a bunch of protestors who seem to be against police. I really don't support movements like this, so I don't like how these people here are acting.
Protesting angers me because it is a sign of civil unrest.
The garbage out in the field makes me mad someone has littered.
This statement makes me feel this person who wrote it needs a different take on life and needs to rethink and look at life differently.
The inspirational quote on the paper makes me angry as I agree that I shouldn't have to follow the rules of others.
Something is spilt on some very good looking wood furniture. I am angry noone has cleaned it up.
Photograph makes me angry. It’s a black-and-white photograph of a beautiful woman who has been it looks like hit she has a mark on her mouth and she is close to crying and she’s hugging a pillow and it makes me angry that anyone would treat another human being in this way.
The woman seems to be angry their photo is being taken.
The line of soda cups on the ground irk me since they should be in trash cans.
The two people ae too staged, its's too fake a photo so I feel they are trying to fool me.
This dude looks salty about something and upset, which makes me very upset.
I feel a slight sense of anger in looking at this photo because of the vanity that's on display in taking a selfie.
The man looks very angry that someone must've caused his day to go bad.
The woman seems to be filled with anger while yelling.
The extra wide mouth and eyes on this lady makes me feel she is filled with rage and anger!
This wicked woman's big eyes feels like she very angry and dangerous and could hurt the man below.
The large amount of spikes in this photo just make me angry because they make me think of the pain of being poked by them.
Protesters in an urban area wearing winter attire at dusk hold up profane protest signs.
I can't imagine this sadness this little girl feels looking at the grave of her mother
I feel a slight sense of smugness coming from this individual, somewhat from his slight grin and pierced nose.
Dozens of books are carelessly tossed about into a stack, which makes me furious.
The wide open mouth of this lady and the way her hair is flying around her face feels like she is filled with rage!
The woman is screaming and it is emphasized by the messy hair and invokes feelings of anger.
The slanted eyes, gripped hands and open mouth makes me feel this is an angry character that wants war!
Such a set up and fake image, only exists to manipulate.
The inspirational quote is blocking the view of the trees, which upsets me.
This woman looks like she is down on the ground and very angry. You can see it in her eyes and they way she carries herself.
The piercing eyes, wide open mouth makes me feel this girl is angry and full of rage with an unhappy face!
This is a candid photo capturing a person in the middle of a temper tantrum.
The woman with the raised fist is growling and appears angry.
The expression on the woman's face and her fist full of hair suggests that she is very angry.
This image of a angry woman is too bright.
This man's slanted eyebrows, wide open mouth and angry eyes feels like he is ready to fight and full of rage!
A powerful man making himself heard makes me feel powerful and angry too.
I can only imagine why this main is so aggressive looking. He looks like he's painted on his chest, so he must be a big sports fan!
The words on the black squares are negative and they make me feel angry.
The phrases expressed on the chaotic black background are ones of anger.
"I believe in forcing my religious views on everyone, including countless people who didn't ask."
The message of self hatred makes me feel angry at a world that makes us feel this way.
The negative words on the paper makes me feel angry about how it insults my  body.
this drawing looks angry and mean and in return makes me feel angry as well
Well people just leaving their trash out like that on the sidewalk for every one to see in the city.
Instantly I feel anger I feel like someone is taken something away from her
The man seems to have a disgruntled look on his face.
The lack of proper art or details in the black background makes this boring and disappointing.
The scattered trash around the trash can makes me very angry.
The dirty ground really makes me upset at people littering.
Any child that's sitting against the wall with their head up has been hurt either by another child or by a grown up in either way that's not right
I cant stand sports. It makes me angry to see them playing and making so much money when there are so many people that have no money
The horrid look on this person's face makes me feel he is full of rage and could be very dangerous!
At first glance this old wooden structures seemed like a place I would like to visit and explore, but no, not if it is flooded.
The hole in the wall looks like the side effect of a temper.
The beautiful yellow wall is ruined by the large hole in the center.
The woman in this photo is clearly not happy and there are protesters flanking her, so I feel angry as I'm just tired of all the political turmoil this year.
The woman has an annoyed look on her face.
The artificial clouds are blocking my view of the woman in her pajamas, which is annoying.
Seriously the first thing that comes into my mind when I see this picture is mean and rude but true. He disgusts me and i see the bottle laying beside him and hus bare ass sticking up like that..well i want to cause him pain
This is a picture of the woman suffering and I’m very upset that people could do that to other the people
The man looks distressed and I think he is reacting badly to the person pointing a finger at him.
This is gross looking, but I am more angry because instead of focusing on how gross this looks, I am focusing on someone either intentionally put this trash here, or someone just didn’t pick it up. Littering upsets me.
The black bird appears to have made a mess, spilling the containers of a plastic bag.
The close up of this spider really grosses me out.
The graffiti writing on the walls of the building annoy me with their defamation.
It makes me angry to see people killing animals and then smiling
The sight of Sarah Palin and her stupidity already makes me angry, but the dead animal she appears to be hunting just for sport is even more infuriating.
The somewhat smug expression on this individuals face and the message makes me feel slight agitated. He just kind of looks like an asshole who hasn't been through much adversity and is in no position to talk about happiness.
People who post things like this annoy me. He thinks he's clever.
The expression on this kid's face makes me think that he's about to cry very loudly and that's always highly irritating to me.
The repeated use of the same profanity on the piece of paper just annoys me.
A woman appears to have smashed a small guitar to the ground, which is such a waste.
The young lady bashing the guitar against the tree is like angry fighter in a boxing ring.
The lady appears to have a headache in the photo and it makes me slightly agitated in being reminded of what that feels like.
I believe in taking care of our planet, so to see so much trash littered all over the ground makes me so angry. I don't understand how anyone can be so careless.
The middle finger is meant to anger people and be a rude gesture. The site of it brings instant anger when it's used against you.
It makes me miss a time when celebrating Christmas wasnt racist
I feel angry on this woman's behalf, perfectly good beer fell from it's packaging and also anger at imagining the glass not being cleaned up.
All of the broken bottles makes me feel terribly frustrating as my means of relaxation has just disappeared.
It makes me think of a generic tattoo that someone got to pretend they have an identity
This picture of people at a concert makes me angry.Nobody is wearing a mask and there is a pandemic going on.I feel like the concert goers are selfish and stupid to attend such an event unprotected.You can clearly see there is a lot of people in front of the stage standing around.
Someone left their dirty handprint on this board. A clean up is needed.
While this dandelion puff is cute, it is going to reseed itself all over that lush green lawn and make problems for the groundskeeper.
It makes me remember the UN is the enemy of everyone and wants to enslave us in a one world government
it looks like this has been picked up off the floor and just shows how damaging plastic is for the environment
Although these performances are great for kids, I can't stand live pantomimes.
This advertisement for a predatory multi level marketing company convention is infuriating.
Forgot his lyrics.
Is there anything more annoying than seeing a fly.  The way they buzz around your head, the shiny body calling attention to itself in the corner of your vision.  You cannot scare them away.  They land somewhere in the way and you can see them twiddle their stupid little legs together.  Then, just as you move a bare inch to swat them they fly away.
makes me feel angry ,knowing i will probably step in it, because some one refused to swallow there gum.
The parents had to get a divorce, for their was so much abuse, now it is visiting day for the dad i pray they have some fun and come back safely.
Why is he angry? Get over it!
you can feel the tense situation and anger that is being portrayed,
It reminds me how selfish we are as people and destroying our world
This just looks like a big mess and people clearly don't care about how this looks to others.
This man is tearing himself in two while yelling and grabbing himself. This makes me feel angry to think about.
this looks like a image of the military going to war, this makes me so angry as so many innocent lives are lost in the process.
It reminds me we are lost as a society with our vapid immoral views of life
Is his sign suggesting that if you don't go to college your only other option is dealing drugs? What a liad of bullshit!
This man looks very angry. He looks like he is a rebel who is trying to get others on his side.
This reminds me of protestors who are trouble makers. It makes me feel angry.
It's not right and we need to change it!
This "sport" is one of the worst things that humanity keeps doing in this "civilized" age. They are literery killing bulls for fun. This is just horrible
I think the bull didn't choose to be there. He is suffering and the guy is making an stupid dancing
It makes me mad because it makes people think happiness is a destination and not a fleeting moment you should cherish
This image shows garbage and litter on the street. It makes me angry.
It's a super old meme format that stopped being funny a decade ago
This kitchen makes me feel angry because of all of the utensils left out on the counter instead of putting dishes in the dish washer and food products back in the refrigerator.
The disorganization makes me want to clean up the mess and return it to proper order.
She's hot but commercial advertisements have made me hate all dancing
Pollution like this beer can is digusting and danger to both animals and the earth itself.
Sometimes it is hard to understand why people think that littering of aluminum cans is okay.
Everything about Trump makes me angry and revolted. The bot seems happy, which also makes me instinctively not like him.
The pot literally has steam coming out of its "ears," definitely angry!
The red face and the grimmace give off an aura of anger.
The red/orange color along with the facial expression on this item makes me feel angry. There's also smoke coming out of the ears and head, which means really angry
Lots of signs that read LIES behind her and she's holding her head and screaming. This girl has had enough.
This photo invokes negative feelings and thought I have about today's political climate also the society we are currently living in.
A young woman (teen?) holding the sides of  her head and screaming in frustration, standing in front of a background of a board covered with pieces of paper featuring the word "LIES." I wonder if she's at a political protest (she's wearing an I [heart] NY t-shirt) or doing a posed photo for a political website or newsletter. I know what it's like to love your state/country but be frustrated/mad/sick-at-heart over what you see its political leaders doing.
This is a cry for attention and so losers think she is deep
It's a very cliche and annoying sentiment
Catholic buildings are just too wealthy. They are not christian in my oponion
The man's stern expression feels intimidating and gives a negative message.
A middle aged white male, with a scruffy beard, staring angrily. This makes me angry too.
I can feel the anger from this guys face and it makes me mad.
I am hiding in my shadow. If you come any closer I will be forced to charge.
Her finger makes me feel like I will have a confrontation with this person.
What did I do to deserve the finger?
Yes I am mad and you are trying to cheer me up.
I don't like sports at all, so when I see these overpaid coaches I feel a little angry.
I sure hope they are not commies. I hate them
Why are the tops of the trees cut off--It makes them look bad
This makes me have a feeling of frustration. The image of a person slamming his hand on a desk and the hand looks like the end of a paintbrush. It's like using your art to express how you're feeling inside.
this shows a lady in tremendous pain, the picture comes across as someone who has just murdered a partner out of shier desperation and self defence.
The comic intent of this arrangement of board game tiles seems rather crass and ill-conceived. Rather than being impressed by witty wordplay I am left annoyed, if not outrighted angered, by the senseless lack of wit and vulgarity.
Paper bag effigy of a human being hanged from a noose. It makes me mad because such things shouldn't happen in our world.
I feel angry because the government is brainwashing white children to hate themselves for the color of there skin
The picture looks just this side of posed, but it looks like it's supposed to be abuser and victim.  The only emotion that ever elicits from me is anger.
It reminds me of where we are as a society and how pathetic we have become
This is not a photographic set it to corporate logo and I could do without advertising
Seeing the look on her face induces feelings of anger and frustration over something.
Just another woman yelling at me for something I didn't do.  She's overly aggressive in everything, her gritted teeth, her lean forward.
a car in a garage with broken doors, this looks like vandalism (breaking and entering), it makes me angry that you work hard for your possesions then other people feel the need just help themselves.
I hate those marks like that "go images vise". they can ruin every presentation plan
Nothing this Goth Girl loves more than the sun going down on an empty amusement park. The sign draws me in to the piece. The shield and star logo to the left remind me of the Union Pacific Railroad Logo, and I am a stockholder. The Superman S at the peak of the sign is like a beacon in the fading rays of the sunlight. Oooooh look at all the pretty red and black above the word "metropolis". Red and black are my two favourite colours and this is my favourite colour combination. The darkness of the trees frame the piece beautifully. Can't wait to see what's inside the gates...
whenever I see machines like this it just makes me think I'm about to get ripped off
With his brow scowling and a cigarette this man looks very angry.
Talk like this is meaningless we all go through depression and this kinda stuff makes people dwell on it
It reminds me how bland and untalented pop music is
All the garbage strewn around makes me mad and angry because there isn't any reason for it and it's disrespectful..
I feel such anger seeing the mess of trash and debris that people left behind on the street and sidewalk. There is no respect for decency anymore
Is it extremely annoying to see rubbish strewn across the sidewalk like this. There is no need of it! Either put your rubbish in a bin or take it home with you!
This image appears to be a bunch of African American protestors standing off against police.  Makes me think of Black Lives Matter and makes me angry looking at for political reasons.
As an ex-skateboarder, the most frustrating feeling is when your board breaks. I can feel the frustration of the young man in the white t-shirt smashing what is left of his board, as breaking your only board and ending your fun can be extremely angering.
I think that men that smoke are not attractive, including myself when I did it.
An amusement park behind a locked gate - it's upsetting that acces us cut off byt the snow on the ground is a reminder that it's only temporary.
The frustration of the photographer makes me feel upset as well.
With fire surrounding the dark figure, it grasps its heart and ice and water pour out of the bottom of it.
The text suggests it's just an obnoxious advertisement
I hate the very idea of casinos so this image makes me mad that people waste their money at places like this.
Obviously they are very mad at each other. Viewing content of angry people isnt pleasing.
The fire ripples across the night sky in an angry fashion.
It shows that people hide there anger in and dont let it out.
This image just says anger because it says it has so much anger built up inside.
It makes me think of how stupid, generic and unfunny entertainment is now
A man flipping off the camera might be playful but it makes me feel offended and mad at the sentiment.
I have detention and you want me to smile for a picture. Suck it.
When people flash their middle finger, as the man in this photo here does, it feels very disrespectful and makes me upset.
The boy sitting alone in the room has a look of being upset, his clinched fists add to the showing of his anger, I would wonder what had happened and why he was upset.
This image is a meme of a guy angerly fixing his bowtie.  By his facial expressions he is visibly agitated and seems angry. The words in the meme are also anger provoking and mildly humourous.
It makes me mad because it's nothing but a grab for attention and a shallow mindset thinking they are deep
This person in the red light pulling her hair and appearing to be screaming is the definition of anger in visual form.
With knuckles pressing against her skull, she screamed with an anger few knew she possessed.
makes me think of the bad things going on in my life
is something sweet about visiting a fair, one with rides, games and great "trashy" foods.  A time for fun.  The ferris wheel stands out.
I feel angry at these super intelligent animals being caged in small tanks and forced to preform. They should get to be free to explore the world and have families not have to hit balls and swim with people.
This image seems to be a caged ram.  The ram seems agitated and its horn seems to be stuck in the fence.  Makes me feel angry symbolically. (Ram seems aggressive.)
An angry and bleeding face projects itself through the lightning bolt imagery. -- This draws out anger in me.
This makes me think of the generic artist who would know depth if they were drowning in the ocean
this mixed race person looks very angry and is looking for a fight
The eyes of the person delivers such a strong angry emotion that he is ready to take on what the challenge he may be facing.
This face of the human looks like a fearful fight is coming to who ever.
I hate that people that are different need to show their differences and make an issue of them.
The man in the picture is so angry that he has turned to violence against an inadament object by smashing a keyboard, instead of reaching out for help.
Thats one of those insecure brats that cry for attention all day
He looks angry like he is going to attack someone and that makes me angry.
Its upsetting that the man appears to be shooting someone on the roof while a child is watching.
Its plain disturbing to see a waterway this filthy and unkempt
I think it may just be the watermark, but it pisses me off to see traditional Christian memes. it just makes me think of hypocrites who put this on the social media, when they don't espouse the belief.
Everything about this image from the deep hard pen strokes to the words and the base image suggests aggression, and encourages me to respond in kind.
The drawing of the fist, which says "suck it", makes me wonder what the artist is mad at.
This is an insecure brat that will never be happy even tho everything is handed to them on a silver platter and cry victim even tho daddy sent her to college and buys everything for her
Mr. Fuzzy didn't ask you to put his litter box in the tub and he doesn't want you to observe his private business, either.
the people have determined looks on their faces and are screaming loudly
This makes me feel angry.  The look on the girls face looks like she is enjoying maybe the possibility of someone getting hurt.
The woman has an angry facial expression.
The yellow coloring over the photo of the black family, seems like an act of disrespect toward the people in the photo.
All right, I find the rippling water calming. The darkened trees draw the eye into the overall composition. The sky looks like it was done in chalk or watercolour using the Primitive Style. What ruins the piece for me is that happy-sappy "life is a gift..." bullcrap printed in the centre. I am a Survivor of Suicide. I have turned my life around. I do NOT appreciate the sentiment expressed above when I've had to fight so hard for my right to EXIST!!! Maybe the designer would be a little more realistic if he she endured chronic poverty, or such. I just want to take my fingernails and scratch through this whole piece! *end rant*
Chico resolves to hold his breath until his father stops taking photos.
He wishes that she would play with something else.
The man yelled with his mouth fully open and raised his middle finger as if to say a profanity.
I know this is supposed to be a bonding image, but I really don't like thinking about these big animals being kept in small tanks for the amusement of people.
I feel anger and righteousness when looking at this picture, the woman seems full of rage.
She's about to fight someone and fighting makes me feel angry.
The picture of the female with her fist balled up and looking at the camera makes me wonder what she is angry about and is she threatening someone?
It reminds me that our society is complete trash and these self centered pricks are important
What a mess this dog has made for her/his owner.
A man has a really nice mask, and goggles covering his face, while he stands in front of candles, angrily.
Anger might be too strong, but, the saying along with this photo seems pretentious.
A scene of a massacre of civilians which is always outrageous. The men and women being killed are unarmed. The smashed tables and chairs and a dropped book suggest people being brutally interrupted in the midst of their ordinary, good lives.
This makes me think of the selfish insecure women who give the good ones a bad name
This makes me think of a bland untalented artist taking what the world has given as there own work
Protest for a great cause. When the people of the community come together for a cause. Things get done.
A person with black lipstick and a blurry looking face and dark hair stares dejectedly, in an angry manner.
A man grits his teeth together while he is flexing all his neck and shoulder muscles. He drives anger into me.
This portrait of this man has so many things to say, with the anger in his face to that teeth being clench in such a way, I can feel his frustration through his emotion.
This looks like a murder seen on a video came filling our kids minds with poision.
A picture of a man carrying a vulgar and threatening protest placard. Its an anti police demonstration but the man holding the placard appears to be white and might not personally understand police brutality. Another indication of disorder and confusion are the thrown away placards on the lawn in the background.
Its appalling to me that someone would even write that on a sign  its vulgar and ride and unacceptable
This disgusting human being is the worst of the worst. He believes that violence and hatred is the answer. He has become the evil he thought he hated. Despicable!
He is very angry at something.
Lights are on all over the city and the econony is not good so now we have high power bills to help pay for this need of the council to keep it bright all into the night even when we are not welcomed to go anywhere.
Yet another picture of a theme park its the same thought i have every time you show me this
A group of people are standing together and are holding signs while protesting for a cause they believe in
People rising up together for a cause to believe in. I am reminded of a march I walked in to support MLK principals.
Its starting to make me think you have noticed i despise the fair pics so you keep showing them in a row
The stern side eyed look by the person with the hat is not a friendly gaze, but one to be weary of.
I have an almost visceral angry reaction to police officers now.
I cant stand when people make a mess of things they don't even care about others.
Boy I'd hate to share a locker room with whatever degenerates writes this stuff.
Its a pretty picture but with winter dragging on in the north its something i would be happy to see finish for the year already.
It makes me think of how all women are just self centered attention whores and women's month is the stupidest thing ever
this cat looks angry and that makes me feel angry i do not like mean cats
You can just sense the anger on this person's face as they give the camera a dirty look and speak with their eyes.
They always display  these cute plushies and charge and arm and a leg to play a near impossible game for something that costs like $5.
I hate guns like this and I don't know why people outside of the military need them.
Dan is furious he could only afford a bargain mattress from the thrift store.
A man, lying on the floor, with nothing but rags and garbage near him, screams in sadness and anger.
Jason is an evil character that needs to be destroyed forever. He is violent and can be a bad influence on society.
A man screams with his mouth open wide as he angrily punches the heavy bag.
Im angry that it appears all these nice clothes are going to waste when there are plenty of people who could use these things
These kinds of games make me mad because they have so many prizes, like the bears, that are nearly impossible to win.
It makes me angry to think that people will kill innocent frogs to eat them.
its a picture of an officer, which wouldn't really make me feel anything, but the mask he is wearing makes me think he is trying to hide his identity which you would only do so if you were doing something bad which makes me angry.
Even though the sign are in a different language, you can see fustration on thier face that they are fighting for something
The protest makes me angry about social injustice.
It makes me think of how society is becoming devolved amd we are on the path to self destruction
The police brutality that happens across the world is immoral.
Rioters storm a city and may put police officers and other citizens in danger.
A black shirt is flown in the air at a protest, defiantly and angrily.
all women don't have to be thin this is not ideal for many women
The stark green color, and the man's irritated expression make me feel mad for him! It seems like there is a noise that is bothering him.
This man putting his finger to his head with a grimace on his face looks like the definition of angry young man.
The photo seems to depict sexual harassment/assualt due to the tape on the womans mouth, her hand being tied behind her back, and the man hand on her tight. It seems to say that if you are a woman that is being sexually harassed or assaulted that you should keep my mouth closed and take it.
This weirdo has put this lady into some bondage and it makes me feel uncomfortable. That lady should find a way to use her legs and kick him in the face.
This brat needs to get over herself she crys for attention while being the most privileged thing to ever walk the earth
This could be a cool show if it wasn't for the fake giraffe to one side and the unnecessary flames.
Leo is miffed at the fly above his nose.
I can't pretend to guess the origin of this drawing, but it seems to be a crude drawing of a skeletal person of indeterminate sex, holding their abdominal skin open (or maybe that's a book?), with small black dots shown jumping from their genital region, one labeled "flea", one saying "eeeeeee..." as it falls. One flea says, in a voice balloon, "OMG GROSS!". The person's face is wrinkled and the hair is sparse, with deep-set eyes and the suggestion of horns at the temples. This is a nude, and small floppy empty breasts with wrinkled nipples are shown. I'm mad because I think this is part of a bullying effort: someone drew this, complete with fleas too disgusted to remain on the gross person, and labeled it Addy. Alternately, it could be a therapeutic self-portrait drawn at the request of Addy's psychotherapist. Either way, I'm mad that a person could see another person, or themselves, this way.
A broken monument - appears to be vandalized . Too many people are disrecpectful and willing to be hurtful.
This makes me angry and sad because there is such a lack of respect to have this happen.
It makes me so angry to go into a cemetery and see someone has destroyed a tombstone like this.  This is the resting place of someone's loved one.
While this picture makes me feel angry, it is somewhat pleasant to look at.  The grim reaper with the raised sickle is intimidating and fear inducing.  I'm angry he's coming after someone but understand why he's doing it.
Sitting cross legged in his lawn chair, a man angrily leers off in the distance.
It makes me think of people wasting there life in consumerism
Anotger girl crying for attention and thinking she is deep while being the shallowest thing on earth
It makes me feel angry because it's a very clear image of anger. An angry fist banging on a table looks like rage.
An angry woman stops for a second to look and observe, holding back her fury.
On the ground I see a lot of trash. It makes me angry to see a public space used in such a way.
I don't like how people can disrespect our Mother Earth like this and just litter.
A distraught woman flips off a bystander angrily, while trying to light her smoke.
The pupil is intensely focused, almost as if it's looking to attack.
A person gazes angrily ahead, squishing their face in anguish.
The look on this girl's face makes me feel fear that she is angry.
This woman seems mad and upset and i can feel her anger
Animal cruelty is always wrong.
This is a women crying for attention and has become the most disgusting thing a human can do now
The crinkly nose and furrowed brow helps you be able to see angry in his eyes. He looks really enraged.
A man with furrowed brows and curly hair, glares angrily straight forward.
the person looks really angry in this picture it is very intimidating
The painting's harsh reds and oranges make me think of anger and rage.
Dudley sprays hand sanitizer at the woman who refuses to wear a mask.
this person looks angry and ready to fight. Not a nice picture.
i remember this campaign about kidnapped school girls but don't remember the outcome.  i will be checking out Google
I am not scary enough to kill myself, just you.
this person at  a tube station looks angry and ready to fight
The angry man in the dress shirt screamed so loudly and intensely that he could have burst a blood vessel.
He does not look like he is trying to fight while lying on his face.
Someone was burried there and that makes me think something bad happened to them
very angry picture of a rioter who hit a union reps hat off
The union debate can rage on and cause a lot of division in families like mine.
A hand slams against the table, holding its form tight with anger.
A gargoyle or demon, grabbing onto his horns and twisting in an angry motion.
This picture of a frustrated character with the word "anger" brings out anger in me.
this picture of a angry devil in red background looks menacing
The creature that is pulling on its antennas/ears reminds me of when I feel frustrated or angry about things that are going on around me. There has been a couple times I have gotten angry that I could see red so I can completely related to the red glow around the creature.
This picture makes me angry I am not a fan of animal confinement.
A dog makes a sneering and angry looking face as he growls and barks.
This image is a letter to someone who stood someone else up on a date.  It was written in a way the conveys anger and frustration and the emotions from the words pass on to the reader.
how could this douche blow off the writer like this?
I hate those little inspirational quote that mean nothing
The colors of our moods shine through like a diamond in the rough
I dont know that these are the best stories to tell little girls
A life lived in order is a life sometimes regretted
Unhappy customer demands refund for her latest tattoo.
Dad is getting fed up that the table is so tiny and the waitress has not shown up to take their order.
A fist clenching a long knife in a dimly lit room shows tension and mystery.
A soldier crying in a trench in a war we probably did not belong in.  This picture gives me a lot of emotions, good, bad, and sad.
The ride had ornately decorated horses, some with faces of anger, and others of happiness
someone calling another person the n-word. they are uneducated and racist.
the reply to the comment is funny,  but the comment itself pisses me off. racist people make me so angry.
A man with a scruffy beard grimaces, growls, and yells in anger and frustration.
a picture of a man angry in a battle cry looks very scarey
This ruffian's raised fists and combat stance should arouse intense anger in the viewer that this fool would have the audacity to initiate a physical challenge.
Th subject of the photo looks angry and belligerent,  He has his fists up in what is designed to be a hostile and intimidating manner.
I see darkness, not sure if it's hair. I wonder if a person is being mistreated and can't say anything about it. I feel angry that a person may be in this position
The people protesting makes me angry they are saying mean political rants.  It stresses me out that people are at odds all the time with politics.
I was in the boyscouts and letting in gays would lead to a even more corrupt organization that it was. Do not let these people pull your heartstrings. They use that to get a better advantage on their prey. Homosexuality is a degeneracy that leads to more degeneracy
That gesture doesn't make me want to listen to his music.
It is exactly what is wrong with the world. Putting these people that are  no better than the rest on this huge pillar of money and power
The sad woman with a black eye makes me want to go fight her attacker.
I understand the circle of life and all, but this shark had to have been put there as it seem quite a way from the water.
I can't stand when people trash others peoples homes. This reminds me of a bad renter and how people can take advantage of others.
the man just looks enraged and dangerous.   Pictures kind of blurry which takes away from some of the fear
I find the message in connection to the use of a gun offensive.
The man face looks like a monster and it makes me want to run away
It makes me angry to see this cracked window at what appears to be a clothing store, it looks like someone tossed a rock through it perhaps in one of the riots last summer.
Even though this looks like a museum display, I feel anger because someone destroyed someone else's work. As an artist it makes me very mad.
I see people at the amusement park on a possibly rainy grim looking day creating an atmosphere that doesn't adhere to the fun time at the amusement park, that you picture in your head during the days filled with excitement prior to the trip. which immediately creates failed expectations for the day due to an uncontrollable force like the weather causing contempt and anger toward the day perhaps ruining it all together.
Looks like a trashy ocean that needs to be cleaned up. Why do humans continually destroy our planet?
Most of these people are useful idiots living as pawns not comprehending we have no answer for what the world is going through
This seems like some sort of anarchist convention which I'm not too find of.
People protesting in the streets, i cant understand why they dont go through the process of filing complaints and getting justice, as these protests just loose more innocent lives then do good for them.
this makes me feel angry inside as this person is been lead away by a police person with protection gear on
Too much violence in the quote. Is the killing justified? Violence leads to more violence.
It reminds me of a bad action movie, inspiring fear and aggression.
The police look like they have armoured up for a battle with protestors who look peaceful and law abiding.
The person looks very pensive and maybe even angry, or simply ruminating.
People should not point guns at people. It is bad.
it looks like one of the nazi concentration camps and whenever I see documentaries on them it fills me with anger at what the people must have experienced
It makes me think of the idiots that spent thousands and thousands of dollars to colleges for art degrees and for the school to tell them they are special
This stock photo woman seems like she is trying to hurt me, so I'm going to fuck her up something fierce.  No stock photo person bests me.  You better believe I can take a stock photo!  There are shades of ugly in me that you are not ready to comprehend.
The frowning eyes looks like he or she is mad at something or someone. It makes me feel a lttle angry too.
There is some visible rubbish entering the woods and wetlands along this sidewalk, which is a disappointing reminder of careless people.
I mean, ... why? This is a picture of two plastic action figures, an ape with open mouth and barred teeth holding a man above his head. The white surface the ape is on has been stained red, to look like blood. I got annoyed looking at the picture, since it seemed like a waste of effort to make something ugly and not funny. I looked at it and thought, "somebody spent a lot of time to do this."
The woman looks upset and angry. I feel angry because seeing her act that way puts the emotion onto me.
You can see the anger in this woman's eyes as she sits there arms crossed waiting for someone to return.
the person in the picture appears to have been beaten.  Lip looks swollen, eyes are dark.  I'm concerned
A child grimaces and grits their teeth in frustration, anger, and disappointment.
Rallys and demonstrations involving this amount of people always result in injury and sometimes death. People need to grow up
The political statements on those signs is offensive to me because of the racism, spite, nationalism (mainly white nationalism), and conservative politics they represent.
I wonder how much harm this does to our environment and how we can change it
These beautiful women are being objectified by the skimpy costume and I feel like men are alway oppressing women.
This is heartbreaking as he is devastated for loosing someone he loves .
Why would your write on the picture that way and point? So wrong.
I am thrown off base by the red words, and how they relate to the image.  Is she being silenced, or is she being silent in response?  In any case, I do see she is responding to injustice.
The best answer to silence is angry silence.
the woman on the ground with an outstretched hand makes me feel angry as it reminds me of abuse
I get mad when i see confinement for animals.  this chimp should be out playing in the jungle.
I don't like that there is a kid selling the shirts or modeling the product.  I don't like kids being used in marketing or to work.
It makes me angry to have to sit here and look at people enjoying my favorite desert. What about me?
Sometimes i could just pull my hair out with anger
this is a picture of a very angry young woman with long dark hair
It makes me think of war, with the swords and the angry face.
This makes me feel mad! What are they doing to that women.
I feel a sense of anger because this woman is being attacked by someone
For someone to be so angry and to stylize it in this way, I want to be angry too. It's almost like a cloudy heavy, anger at systems and society.
Sexist images like the one shown here are horrific and disgusting. They shouldn't be allowed to exist.
This guy is pointing and yelling. By the look on his face, and those around him he quite worked up and angry about something
this makes me feel - aggression obviously and angry rioter lots of anger and aggression in this photo especially with the male pointing
Yelling at people is annoying for everyone around. I can't stand bullies.
This is an image of a guy flipping the bird to the camera.  He is giving the viewer a vulgar gesture and would make the viewer angry to see this.
I do not like how this young man is gesturing with his middle finger, he seems angry.
The tennis racket has been twisted and broken which feels like a waste and like I have to buy a new one.
An angry woman stands atop a rusted out vehicle, with a bat raised in her hands.
No bright cheerful image here. The growing cancer looking stuff looks angry and feels angry to me. Makes the skin crawl. The roughness of it as it peels away and consumes.
I do not understand why people have to leave their garbage all over. If you had enough energy to carry it out there full why cant you take it with you empty. It weighs less.
I can not stand the amount of disrespect and the amount of pollution we have on this planet. It angers me to the core. Far too many people destroy this planet we all live on.
So much litter on a beach makes me so mad at how we treat the earthb
All the garbage wrapped in the seaweed reminds me of how rude some people are about not taking care of trash properly.
I don't like questionable so called art! Some people need to be reported.
Its a product of Hollywood's attack on the Christian faith. And the biased opinion because they want wven show an image of Muhammad they dont degrade buddhism or Judaism. They even glorify satanism. They only persecute 1 religion
I don't know about the context of this photo but the person in the blue looks like she is lecturing the people on the right. These self-righteous virtue-signaling individuals needs to understand freedom of thought instead of becoming the thought police.
I was raised Catholic, and I feel like religious indictrination is child abuse.
The face of the kid looks so annoyed that I can't get close to him
That baby is angry. He is not a happy camper and projecting that anger here.
disgusting putting a horse in danger riding in snow pulling a skier  very angry
These beautiful lions are reminding us that animals have feelings and emotions as well as humans.
with her writing on her face and the nasty pose   it makes me feel angry towards her
It reminds me of how attention hungry the world is now. Anything for the views. Its a sick obsession
Angry she didn't get Tom Brady's signature when all the Tampa Bay Bucs signed her head.
Seeing this trash discarded in nature makes me angry because people can be so careless.
The people are protesting for some reason, it appears possibly someone died? The possible injustice done to the community makes me feel angry.
The universal feeling shared by this crowd is discontent.
When people don't support the military I wish I could enlist them for service.
This guy is clearly an uneducated moron who needs to read about the countless examples of bravery and sacrifice that made it possible for him to hold up such signs of clueless stupidity.
I dont know if the protestor or the police are the instigator here but there is anger between them for sure based on the scowl and body language.
The guy behind the bars with the cigarette makes me feel anger because he looks like the type of guy that would start trouble with me.
this picture of a lady in red dress costume is bending down looking angry
This building looks very stark - its lacking nature except for that small tree in the corner.  WHy would you pave over so much?
The anger this woman is expressing as she screams in fury at the viewer will only serve to elicit reciprocal animosity.
This image provokes a feeling of anger as I can feel the woman's anger and distaste for the study material she is working on.
Such a beautiful sunset with the golden orange hues reflecting off the water. I am angry, though, at the promise of contentment that will likely never come. I am an ex-Christian. I was raised by those who mistook overall generational prosperty for "the promises of Christ".  I had none of that prosperity.  I prayed, paid, and obeyed for decades only to find the "message" to be one of control. The verse from Philippians is empathetic, yet it takes a simplistic approach to Life's challenges. The phrase, "Winning the battle in the mind 2.0" is little more than a battle for mind control,The church will be obeyed and the tithes will keep rolling in. The lies and disappointments will continue for those who take the quote and Bible verse seriously.
I guess everyone knows a person like this. Someone that you don't like but everyone else loves. Kind of upsetting at times.
This is one of those social media posts that is someone's idea of depth. It's annoying because so many people do it, but few actually mean it.
He fervently pointed his finger with a frown on his face and an open mouth as if he was about to scream.
I don't like litter. People's blatant disrespect for the planet we live in bothers me to no end.
it saddens me to see littering
Seeing garbage on the streets makes me very angry.
The look in his eyes along with the sweat on his face makes me feel very leery. I wouldn't want to meet him in a dark alley.
A girl showing her teeths in a triple picture. I'm bad and I'm angry
The main sign in this protest is written in red with the word cut jumping out at all, i'm not sure what they are protesting but it seems important to them
Wherever the emotion is coming from that brings out these angry words, it brings my own upset feelings closer to the surface.
Some aggressive words are written on paper in such a way it looks like the person was gripping the pen very hard. You can sense the angry in the way the words are written.
Smoking is already a disgusting habit and leaving your butts just laying around is even more disgusting
The people protesting outside angers me.
The watermark over a beautiful scene makes me think of how humans have to ruin everything.
The caption "Liar" is most likely taken out of context and may not be at all what the woman is thinking - another example of our deteriorating political discourse.
A fight it is something that produce anger, even you are a professional athlete
I don't know what the guy is doing but he don't need to show his body like that.
I can feel the characters anger and  It makes me feel angry, but also ready to fight.
this lady looks upset about something, like she is ready to rip someone's face off
Those that litter should be help accountable, it is doing damage to our environment!
The adorable brown-skinned child makes me think of how people pretend to care about all children in this country but really don't.
I think it may be the blowing fire or the fact that the dragon is red, but this picture upsets me.
I think she is a wretch of a human being, deserving of a terrible fate and undeserving of the freedoms that soldiers die for which allow her to hold silly signs like this.
This lady is a scumbag advocating for death of those who serve in the military.
Who is letting that little girl run around on that ride? Where are her parents?
the blood stains all over her body and cloth plus the exposed breast
The boy is frowning and looks like he is angry at someone.
This picture of a child with an angry expression on his face makes me feel a bit angry as well.
I am frustrated because I know how difficult these county fair games are to win, so I know I am never winning that big prize!
While just graffiti on the wall I feel the anger of the character when looking at this image.
The woman looks like she committed a crime.
I chose anger, but it feels very cathartic to watch this person scream their frustration.
Looks like someone spilled paint on the floor or something of that nature, just a really annoying picture.
This woman has such an angry look on her face it kind of makes me angry just to see her.
This person just radiates anger in their facial expression and it is making me feel kind of angry seeing it.
These games are simply impossible to win, and I know i would be very frustrated playing them.
The protestors make me angry that innocent people are being killed.
There are people on the ground and a lady speaking over a megaphone. These people seem to be always about something and this makes me angry because it always takes people protesting for some sort of changed to take place.
This would be beautiful picture with the sun setting behind a tree and a purple sky. However, it is blurred which is annoying.
A woman is shouting and the image is red which makes it feel very confrontational.
Angry at how trashy people can be. So lazy to not use a trashcan in public and it also looks like someone stole a bike
Just knowing how frustrating these games are to play, just makes me absolutely frustrated to look at.
The image is herein is turned upside down and the color combination not enticing.
the teary face and the usefulness of her communications
Their angry faces make me feel angry and upset giving me a feeling to want to scream my frustrations.
The man was so angered that he tried to strike the sword-wielding man with a whole hog!
I feel angry and frustrated as what could have been a nice decoration of the wall is messy in my opinion.
I just get annoyed when I see someone looking happy over somethign they will look stupid having when they are older. I always get angry at stupid.
the shape of the hand and the arrangement of the fingers
It reminds me that art is dead. Very generic and the commercial  world we live in today
the black dot in the eye is scary and intimidating
the shape of the mouth of the woman in hijab is not nice
This picture reminds me of protesting which makes me think of how dovided the country is.
The angle of the picture and expression of the male figure makes me feel angry.
This man looks extremely mad, I don't know what mad him that way but I can feel his anger.
A man has an irritated look on his face. This reminds me of the time I spilled my coffee before I got to enjoy it this morning.
Proud animals dressed like dolls to fuel some idiots narcisim as they strive for likes on facebook. The poor things even look unhappy - makes me so angry.
It feels like there would be a lot of angry energy at this protest.
I'm not sure what they are protesting but I do feel her anger as she holds the sign.
On closer look this is a crime scene with the model being deceased presumably after an overdose which makes me angry that someone would die this way.
A shopping cart and garbage can appear to have been discarded in a swamp. It is annoying to see people litter, as it is harmful to the environment.
I feel so angry looking at the trash in the river. It's like a visitor making a mess in your home and not cleaning up the mess!
I am assuming this is sea world, I have heard sea world is a very horrible corporation, so seeing this just makes my blood boil.
Its dark and gloomy who knows whats inside
A lone duck walking down the street past a pile of garbage makes me angry because animals are being displaced from their habitats by humans and human waste.
Rides are a waste of money. They aren't interesting to me.
The woman is shouting and that reminds of the last time I had an argument with someone.
She stood on the shore and stared out at the melting ice caps.
these are US troops but they seem to fight civilians and the really makes me angry
This image makes me feel angry because it looks like the guy is angry and is staring at me in disgust.
The woman's angry face makes me want to go over and protect her from the military men.
I am angry that these two dogs are locked in a cage.
The side indicates the epcot ball in FL. If I was paying that price and saw storm clouds, I would be angry it rained on me and my vacation
Too much anger and rage. It makes me uncomfortable.
The man face looks more angry feel pity for him
The Christian symbol of a cross once comforted me as a child but after many years of familial betrayal under the guise of Christian-love, I am left with resentment and have denounced religion.
This is disgusting and makes me angry. There was no reason to do this ever.
A wild animal looks like he's stuck and absolutely no one is around to help.
She does not look happy at all and more than likely is a little angry.
the black spot on the cats face is scary to see
I suffer from infertility and am jealous of parents who can achieve something I can't
The girl face looks frowning it makes me feel bad
You can feel tension building in the persons clenched fist.
A group of miscreants trying to pass off their bad outfits as Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band should serve to anger the viewer at the audacity of these pretenders.
The protesters were very unhappy with law enforcement.
It makes me feel angry because the people often protest to demand that their rights are respected. Think of Black Lives Matters protests.
I am glad my anger towards injustice is a great thing.
The thought if seeing a child with stickers angers me as my son puts stickers all over the house. I then have to clean them up.
The people were on a march and strike and looked like the vibe was serious and they were standing for their rights.
I feel angry that this has just been left on the floor.
I don't like the promotion of Ghost. I don't believe in dead people walking the earth.
I hate these games because they're super rigged and you can never win, so this frustrates me.
I would be frustrated playing a fair game because I never win.
It seems like this is some kind of protest and I would thik that the peoples rights are being infringed upon which makes me upset.
I don't like the face. Kids are not suppose to be scared of clowns. This one looks bad to me.
I'm not interested in these rides as the money could have been spent in better and diffrrent  ways.
Looking at this scene now during COVID and seeing all the public safety violations I would be angry that people are not following the rules.
Bumper cars aren't interesting to me and are boring.
He flexes his large muscles as he screams loudly, so it feels angry.
I feel her anger and frustration, it looks as if she has reached her breaking point.
He is sad and alone, I hope he feels better soon
Knowing that the man in the image killed a police dog makes me angry, because I love dogs and they deserve to be treated with respect.
The man in the jumpsuit should be ashamed of himself for killing that dog.
The woman's scowl and scrunched up nose suggests she is expressing her anger or displeasure.
The statue literally spells the word ANGER. The creature depicted shows its fangs, in what looks like a growl.
The ANGER emanated from the gargoyle perched on the pedestal.
I don't like when anyone says bad things about the police. The police work hard to keep us safe and this makes me angry.
This person screams, their hands are like claws on their knees, their eyes dark and narrowed, they are the picture of anger and it is all directed right at the camera.
From the look of the girl screaming and the word "wrath" it looks like she is angry.
The person's face makes them look really angry.
I hate that these women put themselves in this situation, but that also someone took a photo of them when they (apparently?) didn't know.
The splatter and chaos of the colors makes me feel angry and not in control.
This is such a messy dump, I want to clean it up.
The guy looks like hes' about to punch the viewer.
This is a picture of a white person doing a black lives matter sign. Hate it.
A picture of a sign at a protest saying 'We can't breathe'. It makes me feel angry because it reminds me of police violence against black Americans and the lack of action dealing with this problem.
The little girl looks like she's screaming in the background which is annoying.
the expressions, crowding and signs make me feel the anger of the people and their message
The dog is cute and its a sunny day but I get angry with the fact that it has dirtied itself in muddy water.
The man with the hat looks like he's filled with rage.
I don't believe in name calling over political differences
I assume this is damage from a riot. It makes me angry that people destroy other people's things in the name of a cause.
I feel like these chairs are perfectly good property that were purposefully destroyed and it makes me angry.
It is terrible to see that property has been set on fire.
The curse word and the head and its expression all express anger.
Razor blade cuts covering an arm, blood clotting in the wounds - I feel angry that people are neglected and feel despondent. I also feel angry that a person is left alone enough to be able to harm themselves.
This dude looks like he is beyond frustrated about something, which makes me feel quite fired up myself.
His eyebrows frowning, his eyes bursts with fire, his jaws opened, his fists in making, he is angry for sure.
The man is shouting and appears annoyed. I can remember feeling like this the last time something frustrated me.
People there are protesting and they are sleeping outside refusing to go home
The fact that the little boy is just sitting in a room with nothing to do but be sad makes me angry and wanting to do something to rectify the situation.
It looks like an eggs of spider, they should be left alone and let it them be.
I truly hope this is a joking photo and the man is really not hurting the women or holding her against her will, if it's real then it's very upsetting.
the colors adn the look on his face is VERY aggressive. It feels very judgy!
Why do people have to litter like this and not pick up after themselves??
His eyes roaring with fire, his mouth opened wide, his muscles tightened, he is about to burst.
The dark photo with the glow in the dark ferris wheel makes me angry that I cannot see clearer its very blurry
It makes me very angry to see people vandalize public places.  I wish that people showed more respect for others property.
These are the types of toys they give away at carnival games, and those games are SO rigged, so seeing this just ticks me off and annoys me, because I have to think about those games.
I feel angered by the killing of the animal by the man  on the horse
This photograph reminds me of track and field activities that I wish I'd taken part in in high school
I know these are carnival game prizes, and I know how hard they are to win, so this frustrates me more than anything.
These Wells definitely wish they were in the ocean in their natural
an anti-Olympics sign written in English and some foreign language irritates me: both the protesters who are ruining my event AND the fat cat capitalists who necessitate the protest
I do not like the games and think it is all a scam.
Holding fire, that sounds about right about anger, our enemy is always ourselves.
A young man who has lost his sense and thinks what he sees in movie is reality and trying to imitate the same in real life.
People who don't clean or flash toilets after they use it are trashy people. It reflects how they are inside.
The wiman looks to be in a submissive posture as if she has been abused and it infuriates me to see someone be treated like this.
The next generation is angry about living and breathing.
I feel mostly angered cos the Tv was damaged
these guys look like they are up to no good! The second guy looking at the camera looks unstable. I dont like this at all
Every time I jump up and down, I hit my head and it hurts.
The angel statues remind me of Catholicism, which I do not appreciate.
Teeth are out and eyes are filled with fire, ready to bite.
The red colors of the game and the graphics associated with the people bring out anger and a bit of madness due to the
The boy looks like he's getting ready to ride a cool go kart which is fun.
This picture of a discolored bruise is like a police picture done after an abuse
Reminds me of protests around the world and how police could be brutal.
I have zero idea why people find cats so adorable. I find them absolutely annoying.
I am getting a lot of anger from this, in a graphic novel, noir kind of sense.
Both the facial expressions of the two men and the over use of shadows and contrast gives off an energy of aggression.
This person appears to be about to wreck a perfectly good guitar out of rage.
He is fuming, he is swinging the guitar and ready to smash it, the anger is roaring.
The man in the picture seems annoyed about something he is about to break his guitar
I am angry that someone would make a mess by leaving their clothes all over the floor.
There is so much anger and violence in this image it remind me of the saying hell has no fury like a woman scorned
A stick figure woman ripping a mans head off as he bleeds on the ground provokes me to be angry, just as the words on the picture say.
The child looks angry which makes me angry also because no child should feel that way.
This is a photo of a woman holding a stuffed animal walking into a room that is littered and defaced with grafitti.  I was angry at those who did this.
I am angered cos the cat seems to be confined to one place
I feel empathy for the woman in the hijab and share her anger with her current situation.
She is roaring with anger, fire is coming out her eyes, her mouth wide open and ready to bite.
The brightness of the lights and the color make me feel aggrivated.
Black lives matter all day everyday not some days
I would imagine there is a lot of angry energy at this protest as people are shouting at each other.
This picture make me angry, because we can see the woman is mad at her husband over the phone and doing her baggage to leave him.
The paper looks irritating and disgusting . I am angered by its view
The person who wrote the text on the image might be angry because they do not want to bothered.
guy with mud on his face with a red filter screaming; I empathize wit his rage/torment
I can imagine a lot of angry energy coming from this protest about police brutality.
Thid eoman looks angey at the world and it reminds me how much has gone wrong this year.
We are protesting for the rights to protest as we feel.
A woman is shouting and there are lots of what looks like blood all over the image. It reminds of a time I was in an argument.
Imagine all the mouths the church could have fed with the money spent to build this fancy cathedral.
I can imagine the angry kind of energy from this confrontation with police.
This photo makes me angry because no one should have to fight for their rights to live and live with the same rights as others. Racism should no longer be a problem in the U.S. when there are more important things that need to be worked on.
The park is closed and the kids want to ride or they will pull all of my hair out.
The image looks scary and I am frightened by the looks of the teeth
A very well drawn nose and growl like expression shows frustration and anger.
garbage strewn near the field, its making me angry because a simple task as putting them in a dustbin would have ensured the beauty of the place.
People are destroying the earth when they throw their trash on the ground
The boy on the left looks as though he is about to destroy something.
The look on the women face feels like she is going to push both her kids to the ground as they are irritating her.
Dont bite the hand that feeds you, if you do you may be an angry dog
not a fan of horse racing...so many of them get abused
The park is closed again! It is always closed when I am off of work and have the kids for the day.
She is cute but bot happy, she is staring and don't mess with her.
It looks like I missed Mini-Mouse's birthday again. This rat is older than me and I can never remember when we are suppose to sing that song.
Roller coasters provides too much fun for someone to desecrate it like this
The amusement park was obviously out of use as the cars were covered in graffiti.
This brings out anger in me. It makes me question what his motives are. They appear very dark.
Did the screen freeze up on this computer geek one too many times?
This man looks like he is about to throw the remote at the TV in rage because he has lost money on the stock market.
How could this stock be going down after I loaded up on shares. Remember, no one knows which way the market is going. Not even the U.S. President.
The wound on his face shows someone have been cruel to him/her and it is upsetting
This fluffy cat is not happy, his teeth are out and claws ready to scratch.
Some strange person is invading its territory and the cat dosen't like it!
The man is shouting and the image makes it look like he is moving around frantically.
The man's face is warped but he is clearly yelling in anger.
The blurry face of this man makes me feel like he is angry and shouting.
The evil checking her nails post the murder to see if any blood stains are left in the finger nails.
Clearly some conspiracy theorists trying to force people to believe their lies at a protest.
I don't know what she's thinking but her face says "Don't do that again!"
You can see fire from his/her eyes, he/she is roaring with anger.
A lion roaring and its facial look looks angry
I dont like insect they destroy things and also harm human
All this trash makes me feel sad and angry at humans.
The mountain is not complete and the flowers looks odd I dont like the color
the person is probably angry and then voiced out at
The text in the picture contains swear words which is quite annoying
The man is very angry and looks like he wants to fight. It brings back memories of getting into fights at school.
This tattooed man is probably a neo-Nazi, and I don't like them.
A party prank that went horribly wrong or so it seems.
The man grimacing in anger makes me feel defensive and mad.
He looks like he is about to pick a fight with
We are open and there are no customers to take money from.
What do you mean say cheese. That hurts. Left me bite you and see how you feel.
It looks like I am busted. The evidence in on my hands.
When someone is angry, suddenly world is turning black and white, your vision blurred, your mind muddled.
I would be mad if workers did that to my bathroom.
This person must be really upset with his laptop, I've felt that way before
For three thousand years the fight for freedom continues.
There are lots of people protesting and I would imagine there is a lot of negative energy in this crowd.
The people at the protest are shouting and I would imagine there is an angry energy coming from the crowd.
The woman looks like an evil spirit from a scary movie meant to terrorize and torture people
I am a big animal lover and the thought of elephants being abused by being forced to work at a circus is very depressing.
The blurriness is frustrating to me because it reminds me that my eyes are getting worse with age.
The picture of the person holding the hypodermic needle, with the cigarette on the end, brings me anger in that people who initially start out smoke do it because it is "cool" and later find themselves fighting for their lives.
I bet these people are very annoying. Any time you need a megaphone to get your point across, you're getting on someone's nerves.
A distraught woman in the middle east being surrounded by men like judgmental vulture waiting to watch her fall.
In this picture of a woman appearing to scream, it makes me wonder what kind of situation it is and what the emotion she is feeling a the time.
it looks like this women is being abuse and is scared and angry.  This is hard to see how people treat each other and makes me mad.
The crowd of people are dressed in black, they look like they are intending to destroy somebody else's property.
This is just nonsensical doodling by an angsty teen.
These people should be social distancing, not getting tacos at a restaurant.
The person in this photo appears to be attacking something and it makes me angry.
It is not a proper place to be using a bat, it makes me think he is trying to hit an anima with the bat.
He's going to hit something with that bat. It makes me angry.
It makes me very angry to see litter left laying around like this. Very irresponsible.
The men, covered in blood, look to be in a rage towards each other.
The photo is of two people clearly in a fight and their anger makes me feel that the scene is one that might upset me.
I hate how the little kid in the red pants is yelling at the police officer. Police officers deserve more respect than this.
An angry policeman and a young boy, angry the a raging river.
It is not fine to yell at someone else. It looks they have been fighting and have blood in their skin.
This looks like a riot which has connotations to times of strife and divisiveness and that makes me angry to think about.
Protesting for BLM and equal rights and justice shouldn't have to be done and it pisses me off.
There are way too many people in one area in this photo and that just irritates me even thinking about it.
People marching in the streets like this have killed people in the last year.
"You're not profound. You're just like every other kid on social media."
A bullfighter taunting a bull. I am sad because this bull will probably be killed for no good reason, but I am even more angry because bullfighting is a stupid sport.
It looks like this person was attacked and left beaten and confused, and it makes me mad to see other people that way.
Graffiti is painted on the concrete structure, it's aggravating to see somebody destroy something somebody else has worked hard to construct.
This person is stupid and doesn't know what anarchy really is.
These people seem to be upset about an injustice and are exercising their right to protest.
She will regret cutting her hair!
What a great place to see children excited and laughing - but it is closed.
This girl looks angsty in this picture, which has me feeling a little bit fired up.
This fat jerk should be at home social distancing.
The woman has a look of anger on her face and seems to be shouting in protest.
A protestor is speaking into a microphone. It makes me upset with her due to injustices in the world.
Wondering why people pollute and litter in the waterways that support their livelihood.
While the fist indicates anger and loss of control, what angers me is the waste of food--a ripe tomato.
What pointless tripe. This is the exact sort of junk I actively and consciously ignore.
Anytime I see a cross it makes me think back to the crusades when millions of lives were lost at the hands of the people who believed in that cross.
Between the woman poised as yelling with a smattering of black ink, the image appears very tense
He looks like he is angry at her, and he body language leaning back looks like she is prepared for something bad to happen.
The term wrath is well depicted in this image of a woman with an open mouth and a violent frown.
I feel the need to mimic her facial expression and get mad at someone.
The look in the monsters eyes is as sharp as the teeth in his mouth.
A very disturbing picture of a man screaming in pain. Looks like a burn victim. I feel his pain and anger.
The ladies graphic face displays a look of intense anger. Her body language using the finger to point at the phone indicates she is angry.
I feel anger in the sense of annoyance. It's judgemental I know but when I see kids on arcade machines they're nearly always hyperactive, running around and screaming.
A picture of water winning over the rocks. I felt the anger of the water.
I don't know what they're doing to the dog. The dog could be hurt and that angers me.
The cigarette on the ground that looks like sand makes me angry because it means that someone littered and trash is gross. I feel even more angry that it appears to be they littered at a lovely place like the beach.
The eggs look kind of undercooked and the plate is chipped pretty bad, if this was at a restaurant I would probably send it back.
The eyes of the wolf glow green with jealous rage.
My roommates piss me off because they leave the ashtrays outside like that.  Empty them!  It irritates me
She loks angry, and she has a laptop with headphones. Maybe she is attending a zoom meeting in the school or the job
They look betrayed in this picture like they were in a dark room and the flash from a camera woke them up
The man looks annoyed that someone may have woken him up unexpectedly.
A well managed and very green water side property. While it is pretty, I am angered by what could have been in this location naturally if it had not been torn down to make way for a lawn.
She looks angry, but I think it is in a relaxing situation with friends, so no so angry at all
The woman's expression look she is angered by someone or something.
Even if people piss you off, you have a choice to not be angry. The quote itself raises anger
Why are they making people social distance in video games, everything that reminds me about the people holding the country hostage makes me angry.
She is ready for her date and he didn't show up, she is mad and needs the outdoors to relax.
It angers me that there has to be books made of this nature
The text here is very angry, all about blame and hoping for somebody else's pain. It's very mean-spirited and vindictive.
The angry faces of the men in the crowd make ME angry that people can't disagree in a civilized way
A protester with a sign using the word condemn in a way to signify that democrat's are somehow deceitful
I don't care what that spreadsheet says, Here is the truth.
They closed me in the main parking garage and now how do I get out?
In the presence of danger, it is not wise to toy around.
This picture makes it seem like the dog has been forgotten or abused, and someone though it would be fun to harass the poor guy.
Anger is written on the picture and also the dog looks angry.
The signs calling out police makes me angry because they don't recognize all the good things police have done and they seem to make sweeping statements
The grey and black color of the cartoon, combined with the angry black pen swirls and the angry face on the cartoon enforce the angry feeling.
I don't know why he's so angry, but I think he needs to shut up.
The yelling in this make me want to curl up and go and hide so I don't have to be near them yelling
I don't like the bush surrounding the bird house. The bush is ugly and looks like it hurts.
A very disturbing news article that illustrates religious corruption
Babies being treated this way with no choice of their own is horrible and gross
The trash in the water makes me feel like people disrespect nature.
The message prompts people to feel bad about themselves and is horrible.
The image of a poor child sitting in a bucket with a luxury brand stirs up anger at the economic inequality of society.
This photo makes me feel anger because it makes me feel like I am there sitting bumper to bumper in the rain.
The drawing of a woman looks angry and is screaming or saying something angrily.
The persons expression seems to be filled with tons of rage.
So many of these speakers are scam artists just trying to take money from those who can least afford to lose it. I personally have relatives who have lost hundreds to "speakers" like this.
It make me angry that people would throw away their cigarettes in nature.
That is one very crowded subway train.  I am not getting on.
The man's face expression looks like he is very angry.
His intensity and fierce tattoos are contagious and show rage.
The very angry expression on and the scar around the ladies face make me feel rage and a sense of pain.
Not much else makes me more angry than seeing what some people are capable of.  I wish some people would care more about our wonderful planet.
Garbage does not belong in nature, especially recyclable garbage.
The red reminds me of blood and violence.
Great you have a nice body and great you are confident, however, these types of photos in todays society are just crys for attention and instagram followers.
A sweet little infant baby remind me of how sweet life is and how there are good things all around me.
This girl is just absolutely so frustrated and it makes me feel upset and frustrated as well.
Seeing the flag of my great country in flames hurts my heart. Seeing the angry mob reveling makes me wonder how their views are so different from mine.
I do not like seeing the American flag burned.  The banner in the back has awful words about america, which i disgust me.
Clearly it is some sort of riot. Given the current COVID 19 pandemic, the sight of no masks make me angry. (Granted, I do not know when this photo was actually taken.)
Seeing this poor man get screamed at by two other man on either sider in a workplace setting is so uncofortable.
Photograph of a photo of a male with an angry expression on his face and a likewise expression of anger on a piece of cloth.
The subject is making an angry face, and the charicature artist has captured it perfectly.
What happened here?  Who made this mess and who is going to clean it all up?
This looks like it was taken at a theme park and that reminds me of the countless times I didn't win a prize!
The text on the photo talks about anger and mentions anger.
The man looks angry at someone with his finger pointed to that person.
The scowl on the woman's face reminds me of having a bad day. The black garment wrapped around her adds to the negative emotions her face and posture display.
The people protesting makes me sad and angry that they are being oppressed.
The protesters are angry and are protesting for the right of education.
The woman looks a bit fed up that she has to walk.
She is trying to give an angry face, but it is not very angry more of a stop it look.
The unclipped nails of the animal, had some that curled back into the skin while others were rotten and broken.
It makes me angry that people were murdered so brutally in past historical events.
This image appears to be solders attacking and about to kill innocent unarmed people.  It makes me angry and want to fight back.
She looks like an abused woman. So I'm angry at the man who did it. That simple.
The idea of abuse bothers me, the black and white furthers this anger.
The woman looks sad and has been punched in the eye which makes me angry as many women suffer from domestic violence at the hands of male cowards.
All this trash and gum is ruining the environment it is in
A picture of a bullfight taking place. I am angry at the bullfighter for perpetuating a sport that accomplishes nothing but harming animals for no reason.
His gritted teeth and clenched fists make me prepare to fight
The man looks angry and ready to fight with someone.
An arcade penny game where you continue to insert hange hoping the little shovel will push the overflow to you, I used to get genuinely angry at these machines.
The woman is so angry at something she is screaming loudly.
The dark environment and angry expression of the man makes me feel angry and depressed.
I am angry because someone, probably a man, hit this woman. This was an unnecessary act of rage and the man should be punished!
I dont like it when I yell and get angry because often, the only thing that comes out of my mouth is nonsense.
The man looks angry and is screaming with lines shown as a scream.
I am disgusted by this silly, smug born-again message with the little crown.
A sepia colored picture of the face of a very old statue. I am angry because someone put a big stupid watermark over the picture.
Meme expresses feelings of anger when you get a near perfect score on a test
The two clouds from ears show that the man is angry.
With that statement there, I would be pissed if someone did that to me. It's not fun having your mind mess with.
A gif- you emotionally mindfucked me.  Huh? the words alone enrage me.
The comical cartoon figure looks very upset to be stuck in the snow. The eyebrows are triangulating down in an expression of rage. This is one pissed off little guy.
It looks like something happend to this man, and I want to help him.
The woman looks extremely angry with all her muscles tense.
She's either really angry or has a brutal migraine, either way the anger translates to me
Just a really bad picture, the annoying writing blocking her with the bad emojis make it even worse.
It makes me angry that people would leave their trash on the ground.
The sign on the left is something I really disagree with and it makes me angry to see someone calling for this!
The assume this is a picture of European colonists hunting in Africa and even though the lion killed a man I'm kind of on its side, the humans were probably being jerks
I hate commercials and advertisements.
Seeing this regretful note on the door of a business would make me angry because I would wonder how they could run out of donuts, especially if I traveled a ways to buy donuts to enjoy.
Protesters displaying vulgar signs to get their points accross
I feel bad for these woman, because they seem to be upset that their land was taken.
Sometimes you just have to set limits and if no one listens a brick will help you make your point.
The picture of the girl without eyes with a message about not letting fear consume you makes me feel anger towards the pic because I think she looks evil and her message could have been given in another way more uplifting
Makes me angry through the idea that men are out there committing domestic abuse.
The man looks very mad as he's screaming at the viewer.
The man's face expression looks angry and screaming loudly.
Whenever I see a rose I think of my man's ex-wife Rose, and it pisses me off
I see used cigarett butts on the ground and it makes me mad when people dont put them in the trash or in an ash tray, like they should.
I feel that Black Lives Matter is a hate group that preaches intolerance towards other races except their own.
I actually don't like the Movement of black lives. I believe all lives matter and race shouldn't be a factor, period!
A crying child gives me a headache and makes me want to scream, to tell them to stop. This one looks like a little brat.
A woman is climbing on top of a vending machine, probably in an attempt to seem funny. This makes me angry as the vending machine is someone else's property and she might break it because she's an idiot.
The old white man has a very smug look on his face. It makes me feel judged
A cigarette butt found floating and polluting water
I think the subject seems smug and snarky as they pose by the side of a body of water.
Drugs destroy lives, this is a wasted life and the pointlessness of that waste is infuriating.
That would make me so upset if my sister blew a horn in my ear. That hurts!
I hate it when people always have to remind others of their hate for the rest of the world.
I see this and want it to be a good photo but the more I look at it the less work I see in it and it irritates me that they used darkness to cover the lack of detail.
The text written on the book says the boy is angry at his school.
Obviously this child feels deeply hurt by his school, or he wouldn't have used such strong language.
The man's face is tense and his mouth is open as if he is yelling and angry with someone.
The man looks like he's yelling and sometimes I yell when I shouldnt, and I get angry at myself afterwards that I let myself get to that point without handling my anger properly.
The look on her face of anger brings out a feeling of anger in me.
The woman has an expression of anger and is screaming.
The angle is off center and off vertically spoiling the frame and making viewing unpleasant.
The mans screaming face seems to be filled with rage.
The position of the bird suggests that it has been killed by a mean hunter
The way the unicorn is grabbing the boy makes me angry.
I hate walking into spider webs in the woods, can't they NOT we've them at the ground level? Why do they always have to be at face level?
The dark skinned men look like they are unhappy and oppressed, which is horrible.
I feel anger and fear at this man yelling with an angry face. The black and white hues of this image make the man's emotions and apparent action even more powerful.
Fire spews from the mouth and brimstone from the heart of the man who's mind is filled with anger as darkness clouds his past.
The murderers need to see justice and their actions anger me
Capital punishment is wrong, and these signs evoke anger in me because I don't believe in capital punishment or the death penalty ever.
It makes me angry that someone would disrespect property and draw on the walls.
The couple seems to be having a disagreement in the living room.
Women shouldn't have to be subjected to something in which they fear like this.
I can feel the anger, stress, and utter frustration that the woman is exuding with her body language, face, and the red hues all around.
This blonde woman in a black tube top seems to be overcome with rage as she holds her head and screams.
The young girl is angry and frustrated that things are not going as planned.
I love Geography but this looks too political and I hate politics.
It makes me mad that the little girl has no shirt on.
The images of a dark substance splattered on the wall and curtain behind the lady makes me think of blood and her being hurt badly
The protesters are angry agains inequality and prop 8.
This guys fist is clenched and his body language signifies anger.  Makes me feel the same.
Times Square represents the ultimate power of capitalism and I believe this is bad for society.
The expression bother me because it is giving the middle finger as if it were cool to be rebellious
This picture makes me feel angry and annoyed, it looks like the man has made a huge mess on a train or tube and I would not want to see this in real life!
It looks like the world and its violent turmoil everyone has turned.
they all look like douchy people and i dont like them
The image of a screaming person holding her hands up to her head effectively communicates anger.
When looking at this picture I feel anger because someone hurt this animal.
The young girl holding the sign demanding to punish rapists more severely is a reflection of how justice is served or the lack of it in third world countries. By the fashion of the other women in the picture I can deduct is India and it makes me angry to think that the potential victims or relatives to survivors have to demand justice on their own.
Rapists are the lowest of the low!
I feel anger because of the expression on the girls face.
based on age of the photo, most likely this could have been a slave and that makes me angry
Too many different amusement ride designs are displayed together making the layout irritating to view.
I support fighting for reform against injustice but not doing so hiding behind a mask
This makes me feel frustration and anger from the expression.
This looks like an old picture from the slaves times and that little boy is most likely working.
These people look like they are fighting for a good cause and I feel bad for them.
The crowd is protesting racism in policing and I am with them!
The men have their fists in the air and what do middle aged men have to complain about the world revolves around them?
The protesters look angry from their face expressions and hand movement.
This makes me feel like I am greedy and need more of everything.
the left girls is super blurry the image sucks
The big black strokes of the word "ANGER" put me in that mood too.
Group of people protesting in front of bank i can only imagine their anger what they are going through
I am disappointed in this image, which is out of focus and seems imbalanced in composition.
Graffiti over walls like this usually bother me because its a destruction of property and sets a bad example for children.
There is graffiti on a fence, and it makes me angry to see property defaced
it just looks like a hot day and i wouldnt want to be there
The trash left around the trash can makes me feel angry at the people that thought it was a good idea to just leave it there instead of finding a bag or a box to dispose of it in a much better way.
Now why would people leave trash in a natural setting like this or anywhere for that matter?
What is wrong with these people leaving their trash behind?!?
HE looks like he's drunk peeing on the wall, or just having a bad time, either way is anger that he is defacing the area or that society has let him down
The protesters block the streets in front of the capitol like arteries being choked with fat, their contempt as cold as a winters day.
The two characters are angrily walking away after an argument.
i wonder what or who led the person to write this message. Absolutely disgusting how people make others suffer.
Someone moved out and left all garbage piled up in the corner. Very upsetting and I felt anger that people would do this.
This fellow looks like a fairly gruff and no-nonsense individual. Note the unpleasant furrowed brow
The problem with protesting is becoming a massive issue worldwide. It upsets me that the world needs this for change.
It looks like this person is screaming due to rage.
A person pulling their hair and screaming there brains out. I know that feeling, some days you just got to stop and say "I had enough".
this is just a confusing image of some type of machinery pointless
I feel al little agitated when I see this because the lady's hat makes me think this is a hot environment and the heat always makes me irritated
The person shows us their cut up fingers. I feel angry because workers do not always have safety gear.
i dont like the color or the rough look of the cats hair
The overly bright colors and goofy stuffed monkeys over and over and over again annoys me like someone is screaming something straight into my ear.
To see a child holding a gun angers me to no
The logo is crudely drawn and the colors are too bright, which hurt my eyes and irritate me.
The lady's expression and short haircut make me think she is moody and unpleasant to be around.
This lady, who isn't sitting like a lady looks pissed so I don't know what happened but I can feel her anger
These people look pretty and fit. It makes me kind of jealous and mad.
The dog's wounds and his managled ears reveal the pain he must be suffering, but his eyes show his kindness and courage despite his condition.
This protest makes me think it's over something controversial and that there's some sort of victim at the center of it all
the statues being put behind a fence only ruins them
This protester is enraged at the ruling party, and the viewer has no choice but to share his anger.
i dont understand the signs but it looks like a rough protest
I can sense the anger in this protester as he holds a statement in one hand and a poster in another.
using the middle finger is very unnecessary and rude
The middle finger by the hand in this photo makes me feel angry with offense. The bathtub just seems like a pain to repair as well.
It looks like it's going to be a cold, wet day and I feel like I'm stuck in the bad weather.
The expression on this mans face and the way he is lashing out shows anger and aggression.
The statement in the sign portrayed is a fact of an upsetting reality we are currently experiencing and it angers me.
It reminds me of what is going on right now with the GameStop situation.
The man yells. I feel angry because the man is lashing out at others.
The image with the inspirational quote makes me feel annoyed; it feels like advice is being shoved down my throat
This low quality selfie is very grainy and its low quality is irritating to me. The girl pictured looks very smug.
the guy looks mad and aggressive which makes me angry
The dumb fedora hat and the woman's sullen expression make me think that she's not particularly pleasant to be around
The man in the photo has a very grouchy demeanor and so I feel a bit angry when I see it as he's not very pleasant.
I find the minion characters to be very annoying so I feel a sense of anger
It's just not right to cage the monkeys and their faces reflect their unhappiness
The tattoos and red hair make me think of anger and that this guy is either a deviant or a criminal
The swollen finger makes me think of the rage I feel when I hurt myself from time to time
The angry face here is projected onto me, particularly the clenched teeth and furrowed brow
The woman with the glasses strikes me as a busybody who loves to get in arguments. I especially don't like her haircut.
its just some dumb guys thinking their too cool
This fellow appears to be making an angry face and in particular the griting teeth makes me feel angry as well.
It angers me to see someone giving the finger to The White House because it is disrespectful to everything it stands for.
I can see that these people are staging a political protest with ideas I do not agree with
It makes me angry to see people who are, unjustly I feel, criticizing Obama.
a football team running. I feel excited by this nothing better than gameday.
Possibly innocent people because I can see women dead, killed in cold blood on the street possibly as they were shopping for their families
The woman is angry seen from the fire flames and her face expression.
Oh look, it's a FB meme that's trying to sound profound.
People who look for more end up inventing and continuously improving their environment
This is a line up of offers with riot gear on and it makes me feel frustrated that there is so much tension in our world.
This cat is way too fat to be healthy. It's owner should be ashamed
I have had two miscarriages this year. This should have been me
I don't think taking these kind of photo is appropriate
The man is making an expression to convey betrayal and utter hate.
The darkness of the lighting and the expression on the man's face suggest anger.
the guy on the picture seems to be angry, his eyes shows how angry he is and his face expression
I'm deadly allergic to cats. If they are not licensed by the state or town, keep them contained.
I wonder why health workers are being murdered and I feel outraged.
The image contains an inspirational message pulled from the bible. This reminds me of the type of content I scroll past on social media without engaging, since I find it annoying.
This crowd of protesters are angry with their current regime as indicated by the red "X" over the picture on the poster.
This lady is mad because she has to wait in the rain. I wonder who she is waiting for and why?!
Why can’t they just use the model witjiut photoshoppping the crap put of it? It’s like they think I can’t tell the image has been doctored.
It makes me angry that beauty products are based on artificial beauty standard. There is nothing real about such fake imagery.
This picture is very weird of someone upside down with a bloody face .
This photo makes me angry as i dont agree with using animals for sports. They recieve so many injuries from this.
The woman looks like she is so mad that she can't even contain it and I feel for her.
The black and white and crinkle of her nose, inspires anger.
i hate mosquitos just the sight makes me want to scream
Who lets a young child put chemicals on their skin?
this is a photograph of a manifestation against Obama!
I hate the fact that we have lost common sense.
a man carring a board with hate speech on it
This sign is political and rude towards a politician that I respect.
There is no reason why a full grown adult needs to lay on artwork that someone spent days creating. This is disrespectful to the artist and makes me negatively stereotype asians .
Contact sports should not be played during covid
her face expression seem to be angry, her eye looks like into rage
The pose of the man in the photo makes me feel intimidated and upset.
This is a picture of a little boy who seems angry. He seems very angry and it makes you wonder what made him angry.
This picture is in black and white and the boy is ready to fight how ever he can look at his hands.
The black background added with the aggressive look gives off an angry vibe.
an animal in a fence seems in a bad mood.
the monkey seems tobe angry tobe captive inside of that cage,the picture is a bit dark and sad
I used to work as a safety officer at a Six Flags. This ride had a huge amount of neck injuries in a season
The strong mutant looks angry and appears that he will be exacting revenge for some transgression against him.
the mans fancy boots do not belong on a table with food
feel angry because it looks like an ad which im not sure if the boots or the mason jar and orange are the subject.
The expression on this person's face communicates anger!
I do feel the anger this photo is showing. This is a very angry boy. You can tell by the anger on his red face and the braces on his teeth.
Because the person in the photo looks like they are angry.
It kind of reminds me of a Karen, which is a negative term.  Those types of people make me mad.
The vibe of this drawing is anger with the expression of their face.
The lady in this picture is so mad it makes me shiver. I would not want to cross her path.
This person drawn in this picture looks very angry therefore it in turn is making me feel feelings of anger.
The black background mixed with his expression give off a negative vibe.
This is a photo of a woman who looks most displeased. This is how I look when things don't go my way.
The expression on this face gives off something is wrong and they are angry.
The shadowing on the lipstick and fake blood are tinted incorrectly. This was a poorly produced edit to a picture
Sharing a home indicates that one is partnered. I live alone and this message indicates one needs to have a family to be happy
The mannerisms between the two feels like they are angry at each other.
Whatever brown stuff smeared on the fabric looks like giant grass stains.
This photograph of a young man punching a glass pane without regard to injury gives me a sense of frustration and anger that he is feeling and reminds me of all the times I wanted to punch a wall.
When a person puts their fist through a glass door, they are no doubt angry. Seeing someone that angry makes you angry as well.
This man is obviously angry enough to do damage to someone's property. When I feel like that, I try to turn away from the consequences of my anger.
I do not understand how some one could be so stupid.
The man in this photo looke angry and confused and that invokes a similar reaction within me
The girl in this picture makes me feel distress and anxiety because of the body language on her face.
She looks like she is going to scream out of frustration.
One human should not abuse another. The man in front is being assaulted
Looking at this picture there are two faces.  One experiencing anger and the other in fear.  The man in anger is attacking the man in fear who is being beaten on the back of the head with a rock.
Disgust, fear and sadness too. What the heck is going on and why is it displayed and where? It is obvious the horror is real for them and anybody that sees this image.
Why is this man so angry and mean? I hate the feeling I get when I see this abuse.
This shows anger and makes me want to do that to the people that makes me mad.
It looks like someone is being taken hostage and it makes me want to jump in and fight.
This man seems to be staring at someone he is angry at or thinking deeply about something.  The look in his eyes show this feeling of inner reflection as well.
A cloud raining on someone indoors appears to be a badly edited image
The dark gray of this photo and the rigidness of the stones on the ends just show anger and power to me.
Axes are weapons and have been used a symbols of power by the state (Rome).  The other (and I am not proud of this comparison), is how the image first reminded me of marching hammers in Pink Floyd's The Wall; in the film, the marching hammers were symbols related to fascism.
These jet plans make me think of war and how many people die.
an innocent child being abused ,and is unable to speak or protests her lips are sealed.
It is frustrating to see the littering and disregard for society, looking at the trash and waste.
I'm not a proponent of animal cruelty, even if it's done in a mock way.
Why would you even joke about slitting a puppy's throat
I dont think this a very funny picture, even if the animal is fake the knife gesture is angersome.
I am enraged by the amount of abandoned trash in this photo. The trash is obviously polluting the water and it's disgusting.
It is infuriating seeing the dilapidation of the building and the debris that is polluting the water.
The red, dark and ominous color of the picture inspires anger.
The man in front appears to be luring someone off screen. This is a safety problem when instructions say to keep hands inside of train
Shamu shows are OSHA safety hazards for trainers. There are too many trainer deaths and injuries for this practice to continue
Even though this man pictured here looks happy, he also looks wet and cold due to the weather where he is, and that makes me feel anger for him simply because I had to be cold and to be wet.
The look in this womans eyes are of anger.  The stone cold look in her face is very distinctive of someone staring at a person in anger.
As a kid, my dog was loose and I ran into an abandoned barbed wire which penetrated my leg. The scar is still there but I understand its purpose to restrain and restrict
These hounds must be amassed for a fox hunt. What thoughtless barbarity!
NO stadium should have this many people during covid in it
the man in the mirrors emotion is so angry  and strong that it dominates the image and brings out anger in me.
This is a picture of a man looking at the mirror and the man is angry and on the other side he is calm. It makes me feel angry wondering why he's angry.
Litter is unnecessary, especially when it's recyclable material.
Why do people have to litter and spray paint the street? That's annoying.
These people are protesting second amendment rights which makes me personally angry.
I hate sitting in crowded theaters. People are too close together and illness spreads too quickly.
In today's times where we should be social distancing due to the global pandemic, this picture angers me because this large crowd of people are not following the rules to slow the spread of the virus.
Artists use distortion to show emotion in faces. Makes me feel creepy. I feel sorry for the artist using so much exaggeration to distort a man's face.
This is such a weird photo blur and unclear
The dark colors and the expression on his face portrays anger.
This young child is scowling. It reminds me of how I'd look if I were having a bad day.
The protesters cause tense police interaction, instead of a having a peaceful rally
I hate the intrusion of this large manmade skyscraper on this serene lake and trees park.
the guy looks very mad and he is going to smash the guitar.
The statue looks up to the sky, full of red rage.
In this picture it seems that someone has spray-painted over a piece of art, and this sort of behavior is very disturbing.
Whenever I see cockroach, I feel angry because every time I saw them fly and landed on my body I feel irritated.
Video games these days have far too much violence and bad language in them
The dogs canines and teeth are very out and there is the word anger
I hate eating grilled animals especially these animals are killed not in the proper way, in short no mercy.
I really dislike litter. This pile of cigarette butts is the result of lazy, disrespectful individuals that do not care about the environment.
The heap of trash in the hallway reminds me that individuals can be remarkably selfish and destructive.
A pretzel that is edible has been thrown into a dustbin despite being good food.
The protesters fill the streets with negative emotions and hostility
Not sure whether the pots to small for the plant or its just that its fall-time or that the weight of the one fruit is too much but in any case I'm angry the plant is dying
People protesting with blue colors painted on their faces.
I find amusement park games frustrating because many of them are set up for you to lose.
I would be so angry and upset if this was my wall that someone punched a hole in, I don't know how to fix that!
Do not dare to challenge the flow of the water behind you, because it might kill you of its power.
The graffiti is not beautiful, it looks ugly and hateful
The sculpture must be amazing when it is in perfect condition! But who broke it?
She has fold her hands into fists and her face shows she is angry.
I'm angry that they are asking a purchase price of $45,000 for this painting that looks like it was painted by a first grader
I hate all these kids these days they are the selfie generation and they are just attention seeking
A big cartoon that looks bad and abadoned.
Looks like a covid super spreader event with lots of people standing next to each other.
This poor dog locked up and muzzled makes me so mad! It is wrong and abusive and seeing his sad eyes makes me even more pissed.
the women's blocked angry expression gives me a sense of anger as well. I wonder what happened to her that made her want to post this picture.
It really disgusts me that people have no conscience about tagging items with graffiti, it is so rude and disrespectful.
Seeing a little kid giving the finger makes me really angry.
I'm not angry but a tad bit frustrated because these games at amusement parks that offer plush toys are always almost rigged.
I'm angry that they are asking astronomical price for this horrible painting
A scary black animal besides the pool and looks scary.
The model has been given a very sad and angry face.
I get angry because this looks like a deforested area. Just stumps but the flowering tops of the plants have been removed, making the landscape look barren and empty.
This makes me think of being angry at technology and I can feel his anger.
The faces the two makes definitely says they are very angry.
Beautiful girl but I think it will be better if she shapes her eyebrows better.
This person seems intensely angry, and their anger spreads to you when you see it.
The girl has put on a very serious face most likely she is angry on something.
Seeing a long line for an exhibit makes me mad cause I hate waiting
This image apears to be a someone shaking a baby and that is horrendous.
This man looks like he is having a very bad day; he looks really angry.
The teeth being gritted together and fists bring made tight make me feel anger for this person.
the shape of the mouth shows some kind of strain, it makes me feel controlled
The woman looks angered, and her anger is somehow persuasive.
The man looks like h'es about to cut something with his long knives.
The colours of the picture are quite aggressive (red and black). It looks like the subject is screaming and has scars around their mouth. The picture concerns me and cannot be interpreted positively.
The stiches across the mouth represent to me his voice is often being squashed by someone else, makes me think someone is holding him down.
This makes me feel angry as the red and the open mouth all feel very angry.
The bug is all circled up and slimy looking., gives me chills thinking it could crawl up on me and touch me.
This seems like a cat that would be hateful and reclusive, and it makes me mad because I feel like it is about to swat it's paw at me.
This reminds me of all the stalls set up in theme parks which the kids [ester for money for.
I feel anger with this piece because of the red tones, the angry face, and the fire, smoke, and religeous symbols of demons or hell
This dude looks extremely upset in this picture, gives me a sense of feeling upset as well.
This was largely an abortion of cinema. You shouldn't mess with a classic.
The image of the small fetus drowning in the water makes me think of the terrible parent who allowed this to happen.
The man looks evil and angry like he has no self control.
Ordinarily I would like this kind of nature photo but I feel like the figure is trying to manipulate me into feeling mutual awe in moment.
Maybe it's because he looks like a pouty red-headed step child, but I don't like this guy.
Oh the look on this guys face is mean. I would be terrified of him.
This photograph of a girl holding up a phone with a mean message on it makes me feel anger because as a middle school teacher, I see bullying all the time and it makes me angry people can do this to each other.
Someone did something bad to this person and the picture shows it
The message of hate displayed on the phone in the picture is unacceptable to text or show other people. There is always going to be a person driving you  up the wall, but it does not give you permission to behave in this way.
The central figure has an expression of aggression.
This phot makes me feel anger, there is no need to leave trash behind. Leave the wilderness the way to found it.
People who litter like this should be beaten severely.
This photograph captures a man walking out a  court room with lots of press and media swarming him, not for something good. Just the tension in the crowd, his face has me feeling anger
this seems like some kind of antiviolence image, it is powerful, the woman's eyes are striking
I don't understand what the image is supposed to convey and the expression in the eye feels hostile.
This military man is flipping a bird to the photo taker while "U.S. Navy" and "NAVY" is showing on his shirt and hat, which is disrespectful to allow a military officer to be seen this way.
As the man flips off the camera it causes me offense.
Why is this girl so mad. I can tell she might have an evil side but not sure about why.
the 2 left pictures show parts of a calm man but the 2 right pictures show parts of an angry man and it causes me to feel fear and anxiety
This woman looks like she was beat up very badly and I want to know who did this to her.
The picture of a young girl sitting in her shop all angry and upset,feels like her boyfroiend again dumped her after promising for a dinner date.
She’s looking at me like I did something wrong.
This picture is a close up of a wasp or hornet nest, and having been stung a few times, I do not like them.
The little boy is acting if he was mad at simeone.
Man is baring his teeth, with lowered eyebrows. He looks to be warning something that he's about to attack.
Photo of something burning in a war zone?  Protest zone?  This kind of thing is becoming too common.
This poor sheep is so big he cant stand and someone painted him blue. This makes me sad, again i like meat but i dont like to see it alive.
This is one mean cat. I would not want to come across it or it might bite me.
I think this photograph depicts domestic violence or a codependent relationship to some capacity. It elicits anger in me.
I feel angry seeing the lyrics of the wasted things.
The image is of a dismantled washing machine. I could imagine this unfortunately happening to me and costing a lot of money to replace.
A picture of a noose reminds me of lynchings which makes me angry.
The noose is symbol linked to racism and hate and should be banned.
This makes me feel angry because I can only depict what half of the picture is (the tomatoes), the other half is blended too much, that is bothersome.
The fists and the words written on it provide a great deal of aggresion.
This building reminds me of the white house, I know it is not the same, but right now I feel angry because the election process is taking too long, and this building and picture reminds me about the election.
The red coloring makes people angry it's a little violent
They’re all out protesting something. What happened this time?
The face that is depicted appears angry and hostile.
The anger means that someone is bad and not in a good mood.
The person looks like he is causing a disruption in the community.
The crowd gathered for the race makes me hate the social distancing.
that bird does not look happy, maybe someone stole his food
The photograph looks like it’s the back of the building and it makes me slightly angry there is an old bench of some sort come out of the vehicle it looks like laying there there’s a black hose of some sort it’s uncapped it’s messy it’s kind of garbage he it to makes me sad
I feel annoyed by the combination of the abstract background with the vague portrait of the woman because I can't tell what she's supposed to convey
I have felt just like this mom somedays, her face shows that she has had it with the kids today.
This looks like a military jet and I'm tired of our country selling weapons to countries like Saudi Arabia.
Seeing all these people protest in the streets  makes me angry
This seems like a highly loud and political crowd that just comes across as annoying to me considering I've experienced nothing but politics here in the US for the past 6 months.
It makes me angry that everyone cannot get along and be nice and fair.
The womens faces make me feel angry, the protest signs encourage the irritation.
The orange cat gives off an angry vibe with his ears layed back and his head looking above as he looks like he is about to retaliate.
This shows the face of some sort of reptile up close. His eye looks cool, but I really don't like reptiles, because of their scales.
A pained look on his face and he is holding his face in his hands, looks angry to me and thus makes me feel angry for him.
I feel anger because I would look the same way if I was angry.
It makes me feel angry when people make selfish decisions.
The photo of the man makes me think he would be loud and annoying based on his obnoxious expression.
A photo of a man's face that looks real angry. I felt he showed a terrifying, frightening look that I would not want to be the one he is mad at.
He looks angry and as he is running away from the light, Dust particles seem to be all around. His skin is pourus.
The woman is glaring with hate towards her right, which makes me feel rather unhappy as well.
The expression on her face is one of exasperation, and it makes you angry to see her in distress.
The woman in this photo seems rather irritated. Her eyebrows and facial expressions are not indicative of joy, yet not of sadness either.
Both the perspective and the statue itself has a highly aggressive theme to it that makes me feel anger.
It looks like another political protest, which at this point I'm just tired of seeing given how bad of a year 2020 has been. We don't need more problems and I'm tired of it.
It's aggravating to see protesters disrupting the normal flow of the streets, ordinary people have places to go and shouldn't have to deal with protesters.
Hockey always strikes me as a rough sport with connotations to the players duking it out on the ice with a lot of roudy fans which triggers a sense of aggression within me.
There is a part of a face shown in a painting-esque style. It is making a glare at the camera, so it makes me feel the anger the person is showing when I look into their eyes.
These children are enslaved behind barbed wire, they are being treated like animals. It's very aggravating to see people treated this way, especially children.
This animal looks totally tired and sad.  I hope there is no abuse going on here.
A woman appears to be offered as sacrifice to lions, which is a despicable act in my opinion.
The crowd fills the street at night in an urban area and ignores traffic and other laws.
This plane make me think of corporate greed, airline restrictions, the TSA...so many bad thing.
Oil-polluted water means someone did something bad and now animals will be hurt needlessly! I am MAD about this!
This looks like a tub of muddy water, which reminds me of when my sewer backed up and my tubs and toilets were backed up.
Happy and angry. Happy because he looks happy and angry because it lookd like a public place and whoever he is with needs to get him off the floor
A man appears to have ruined his room in a fit of rampage, which is appalling to me.
Ya, this is just really weird. It looks like he's got a couple of sex slaves.
this is not a painting its a picture of spme dude
The trash lying on the sidewalk here when the garbage can is nearby makes me think of how stupid it is that so much liter is nearby.
The trash being sprawled out while a trash can is nearby makes me mad at the carelessness of others.
The garbage all over the ground really makes me sad because I hate littering.
The statue's expression seems very angry and that feeling is somewhat projected onto me.
The man's expression elicits a feeling of anger. Additionally, cops exerting their authority just makes me somewhat angry even when they are in the right with the arrest.
The photo is too blurry with the details, which infuriates me sincec I can't properly enjoy the photo.
These protesters remind me of how dysfunctional and corrupt the United States Government has become. Case in point, we're about to go through a tough winter and there's still  no COVID-relief in sight.
The people  protesting at corruption in politics makes me mad and feel like joining in on the protests.
The person in this picture looks like he is trying to hit someone with his guitar.
This guy's rage just comes through the screen, he is fired up and that fires me up.
I feel that the fire is coming out of this eyes and his teeth are grinding about to bite someone.
I hope the angry man is not angry at me. It feels very confrontational.
Seeing this man scream with rage makes me recall times when I have been extremely angry.
The anger and frustration from his face, is like he is trying to scream all the negativity out of his chest.
The genocide of a group of people based on who they are, their race, their culture is unfathomable, disgusting, and senseless.
I feel anger looking at this picture because of what these protesters are saying on their signs.
I don't like this image, I feel as if someone is trying to force me to take anger management courses. This image make me a little on the angry side because I just feel like that is the energy it is giving off.
Really, who tags a memorial? It will take a lot of work to remove that graffiti. It takes away from the natural beauty.
The NRA sign instinctively sends prickles up my spine. I associate it with violence.
This photo of a man wearing a baseball cap that says obey was interesting because it was in green and white, but made me angry because the cap had the word "Obey" on it.
The protesters are very mad as their expressions show on how much they care about their country.
The picture and the symbols are all showing danger abd anger,wouldn't touch it really.
The woman giving the rude gesture with her finger makes it look like she's not friendly.
A man using the word bitch makes me fume.
I would not be happy if someone was trying to flip me off like this.
The man and little boy are giving the finger and appear to be angry.
A child this small should not be making this vulgar gesture.
The mans scowl gives me a feeling that I would want to avoid any interaction with him.
Red is a bold colour choice one would associate with violence, the grimace of the face pictured would accord with this perception as one could image the subject shouting or wincing while pained.
The grafitti on the van shows the neglect and disrespect people can have for another’s property.
The painted graffiti on the truck makes me angry for the owner.
Not a fan of people pushing destruction as a good thing, even if it is outdated junk.
The quote on the poster is really starting to rile me up.
The anger just coming out of his eyes and face and he is about to lash out.
I am angry at whichever guy (it's always a guy) made her feel this way.  Men suck.
His fists are tightened, his legs straightened, his muscles are tense, he is about to pounce.
This looks like damage left from looting.
The white background makes the hooded person look even angrier.
I wonder who slaughtered these rhinos and I feel angry.
The black and white background impels me to feel disturbed by people and their ignorance to individuality.
This dude looks like he has pure rage on his face in return makes me angry as well.
He strikes me as a privileged contemptuous wannabe delinquent that enjoys being rude and disrespectful.
The boy looks quite angry. He is dirty and upset.
A man in a green sweater in front of a patio table yelling and making rude gestures is sure to raise the ire of the viewer.
I would rather not go to an area where I would feel trapped like this, looks like everyone is stuck between rocks and a gate, just a awful place if you wanted to leave
The symbols of Communism on the structure are offensive to me.
The anger in both is evident, but the anger is highlighted by the use of b&w andthe focus on the woman's braces.
The banks own too much, it can feel daunting at times how digitalised we have become.
I don't like these claw type games, all they do is take people's money especially from children.
The man writing the words I quit! on the office board brings out his frustrations and anger he has.
seeing these emotions makes me catch them like I relate to these feelings or have them myself
Three woman look like they are very unhappy and angry and reminds me of the last time I was angry.
God made us all in his image so I don't think he hates, only people do that.
Why would anyone take a picture of something like this?  Is it to incite anger?  God loves us all.
The sign is a symbol of ignorance.  God hates sin - he loves people.
The person here is clearly very upset about something, perhaps the person in the background in the sunglasses
I feel an anger because it looks like this woman is doing blaackface
The man appears to have a lot of control over the woman and she seems fearful of him.
The man was livid as he yelled with blood red paint on his face.
I feel like this was a prank at my house on my lawn and now I have to pick up hundreds of flags and return them somewhere.
It looks like this girl is being mean to someone, and it makes me upset.
The text is about anger and talks about how anger punishes you.
reminds me of may racist weirdos that want to attack everyone, its a familar look
he is most probably pissed off at someone because he is pointing his finger and the mouth is shaped as though he is complaining or hurling insults
The view is so far away and the crowd is so large that you can’t see what is going on at the stage.
This woman is clearly having a moment of rage.
Anger just bursts through there eyes and faces, why are they so unhappy?
This man surrounded by burning crosses reminds me of the hate group the KKK.
This poster featuring Adam Sandler and Jack Nicholson was a really dumb film, with talent wasted.
Two guys shouting at each other in rage, facial expression is very impressive.
These look animal heads. Animals should not be treated in such a cruel manner. Either eat them and use all of the parts or bury them.  Poor critters.
Makes me feel like screaming about the mess this is.
Seeing the person clutch those weights, with the angry text makes me think about times that I've been frustrated.
this is donald trump at one of his cabinet meeting--"I will be obeyed, I must be obeyed
The woman scowls at the man, perhaps a butcher, cutting up some meat. She frowns, arms crossed, staring him down as if waiting to make a complaint. She oozes irritation, impatience, and anger.
This makes me angry as it insults women with their periods and says that they are moody like it insinuates they cannot take care of their emotions.
I can never win these types of games and it makes me mad how tempting they are.
A group of people is lined up, holding signs demanding gun control.I am angry that people have to protest and do demonstrations for our representatives to listen. It shouldn't be this way.
some lady got beat up and is bloody and brusied now
The red bearded clown with a red nose has a downturned mouth and anger in his tear filled eyes.
The elephant is behind bars and its face have a sad look. This is heartbreaking.
This woman is so skinny that it sets a horrible beauty standard for women.
The woman's eyebrows knit together in a scowl, her mouth is downturned deepening the lines on her face. Her collarbone stands out as she hunches. Her tension oozes out of the picture, clearly telegraphing how upset she is.
Not only will the glorification of the tools of death anger the viewer, the fact that the semi-clothed girl in this photo doesn't know proper trigger discipline and recklessly has her finger on the trigger of her Heckler and Kock G-36C assault rifle will enrage the viewer to engaging her with their own firearm.
this sign telling people not to litter makes me angry because there is a bunch of litter next to it
Litter piles of it a sign saying disgusting makes me angry people can be so thought less.
woman feeling stifled and furious about it-she has energy bottled up and no outlet
The man's sneering, yelling face makes me mad.
His scrunched up face and teeth showing looks like he's ready for a fight.  I'm ready to fight just looking at him!
He is resting his head on his hand.  He has a frown on his face and his eyebrows are drawn together.
The anger, that fury, mouth wide open. fists up, he is about to pounce.
This is a picture of white text against a black background. The font is made to look like the text is written, and the i's are not capitalized. The text oozes sentiment and is designed to play upon my emotions. When I feel like my emotions are being deliberately manipulated in a non-genuine way, I get angry and annoyed. That's what I felt after reading this.
Seeing children being mistreated always make me furious because I feel that no adult is protecting them
I can imagine my child scribbling on my magazine.
This bland platitude about happiness encourages selflessness, giving everything to others as if you do not matter. The contrast with the peaceful image of birds and umbrellas lifted up on the wind only serves to accentuate the emptiness of the quote.
This woman appears to be scarred/bruised from abuse and to have been crying. I dislike whomever did this to her.
That jaw, that fierce eyes like a roaring tiger, at least he tried.
This looks like something I would see at the end of those scma videos trying to sell an overpriced book and that angers me a bit
I hate hate hate that poor animals are caged for any reason!
I am mostly angry when looking at this photo. The sign saying that I will not apologize for my blackness is very Emotional. Too often we see people struggling because of their skin color. The person is holding a sign up over their face so I'm not sure entirely what emotion is on their face. The part that leaves me with more negative emotion is the facial expression of the woman in the front . She seems to be voicing her opinion.
I feel an anger for the person, not against them, that they would think they even have to apologize for something they were born with.
"Hey instead of getting care, lets take the bandages off to a a pic to post on Instagram, gotta get some sympathy and attention...."
I feel like I'm the bride looking at my not-so-happy looking brand new husband. I'd be furious.
This guy is giving a nasty, mug face! That isn't cool. Disrespect the photographer. I would growl at him, to make him laugh.
This woman looks like she is about to hit someone's car with a bat, and that makes me so mad.
I could feel her anger in this photo. The guy or girl that broke her heart. I've never actually used a bat to hit glass with, but looks like it would be relieving stress.
Id rather not go to the circus, after hearing all the animal abuse, and various other problems with the idustry, I wouldn not want to give money to that place
The text is irritating to my sensibilities, in general rather than the content of it.
The discarded cigarette butts carelessly left on the ground makes me angry.
It makes me angry that people would carelessly throw so many cigarette butts on the ground.
"This is a meme that I shared on social media to get attention and appear deep."
There is so much political violence in so many places that it makes me angry to see people running in fear from what appears to be some sort of terrorism - whether a group of state sanctioned.
HThose frowns,those fire from his eyes, you don't wanna mess with him.
Stupid people make me mad
Seeing the horse grazing makes me think of the culling of horses in Australia. The horses never seen it coming.
The person in the image appears to be shouting which also creates a similar anger like feeling when looking at it.
The boy looks very angry and is about to smash a mirror.
The obscene hand gesture and the smug look on the boy's face makes me very upset and irritated. He seems immature and inconsiderate.
He represents the home schooling parenting, frustrated, you have to train to be a teacher.
The floor has a lot of wires tangled in a mess, which makes me feel angry as it is a bad tripping hazard.
A blond girl with big eyes holds up her hand hidng her face and chalenging men who think that women out to be an escape.
The man in red looks like he is going for a foul instead of the ball, and that looks like a jerk move
This looks like a protest and I feel their passion and anger.
The text talks about a woman who is pissed off so she must be angry.
I'm feeling a mix of emotions. I can't tell if he's disgusted, mad or something else.
Knowing that this beautiful beast might be killed so that the horns can be cut off is horrifying.
This close up sign urging cruise ships to go home made me think about the dark side of tourism.
The woman depicted is scarcely clothed which serves no clear purpose other than objectification.
The words on this e-reader are so small that I cannot read them. It makes me feel old.
never liked water parks, was always crying kids holding up the lines, everything was just west and unplesant, don't really like it
This man looks emblazened and it makes me wonder what he is protesting
This scene of a child brazenly attempting to break into a display case of souvenirs should instill anger at how early the moral decline of humanity begins.
The youth angrily chews his sandwich whole.
Although I know if is an impossible dream, I wish everyone could live in peace with one another.
This bowl with thrown in together meds makes me angry about what has become of people taking these things.
big smile on man's face-feels in control.  big frown on woman's face-she doing all the work
Some angry footballers shouting at the referee, this instantly makes me angry because it is very confrontational.
The player is not being very sportsman like, and he probably screwed up and got caught.
A soccer player is yelling at a man in a collared shirt. This makes me angry because I hate how emotional and violent people get over sports. It's literally just a game, get over it.
The way that this man has his mouth open looks like he is yelling.
The words mad at something mad at everything mirrors my own attitude at times when I am mad I am mad.
I'm angry at the man and the damage this implies.  I'm mad at her for sticking by him. Disappointed.
This stylized portrait of a girl with smeared mascara on her face will fill the viewer with rage due to the fact the photographer couldn't be bothered to properly light their subject.
This lady look like she jus committed a crime out of anger.
It makes me so mad how people just discard of their things instead of taking them with them.
The group of police officers in riot gear makes me angry because I do not like authoritarian regimes.
Politicians often lead to scenes like this with their machinations.
The message that Real Thugs War flag pins makes me angry. The fact that people have to go out together and march against that shows that there is a need for change.
This type of anti-patriotic protest is offensive to me.
I would think one's religious faith is worth more than a meme on the internet.
It would make me mad to see the mess someone left behind at a table.
The mess with the bag left laying out on top of the table.
She may just be trying to look pretty but it looks like she is knocking over someones tombstone, not a cool thing to do.
The woman is scowling and looks like she is really irritated to be photographed.
The woman has an annoyed expression on her face.
Her eyes are full of anger and hate, she has don't bother me written on her face.
This girl seems to think a lot of herself, and that sometimes bothers me.
The carnival game makes me slightly angry for the fact that the odds are definitely stacked against the person who is playing the game.
Nothing worse than the couple arguing think about the love you had!
the punks make me angry because they are portraying violence from the middle finger.
I feel anger because oil companies are not taking the crisis our world is in seriously.
Seeing the people with all of their homemade signs makes me imagine how much effort they put into them. I can imagine their anger.
This man is not happy to be photographed. He holds a fist up, scowling out at the viewer, clearly interrupted in his work. His anger just roils out of this scene!
This is a confusing picture, but he looks angry.  It makes me a little frustrated just looking at it.
The text in word memes such as this hurt the representation of sharks.
The line that's waiting for this amusement park ride is frustratingly long
I live in Oregon. I am so tired of the BLM/Police issue. It has caused so much damage to our state financially and between people. More riots we don't need.
His crossed arms and sideways glare, especially with his eyes shadowed by his glasses, make me feel confrontational with this person.
It makes me mad that we live in a society where we have to get out and have protests to prove that all people are people
I do not like killing animals so seeing the dead fish just makes me mad
There must about twenty sets of traffic light in a tree shape. Trying to figure out how you might use the lights on the road is very frustrating.
I am angry to see someone wearing camouflage and a reflective vest. The whole point of camo is to not be seen and the point of a reflective neon vest is to be seen and this angers me.
I am angered seeing the trash on the beach left for the birds who are eating it which is harmful to them.
This scene makes me angry because someone left a perfectly nice unattended beer here.
Looks like Patriots fans celebrating another super bowl win, and as a fan of another team this is annoying because they always won with Brady.
A poor elephant being controlled by a human. I feel angry because I know this animal is being abused. Elephants belong in the wild.
I feel angry when vandals deface historical monuments that were meant for public enjoyment.
I don't like all the clutter. The room would feel much nicer if it was tidy.
It's not exactly anger but I think this is an oil derrick and I would like to see more renewable energy usage.
The traffic light turned green and the traffic finally started to move.
Watching the marchers protesting climate change raises my hackles thinking about our world.
Elephant going into a cage, even though there is so much space for it to roam around. Makes me sad and makes me wish I could do something,
As an avid bike rider I don't like being discriminated against and told I can't park here!
News. Fake or real? It all seems to be fake now as the media is doing things to raise advertiser dollars to pay for their highly overpaid staff.
The absolute ridiculous amount of packaging and plastic that come in deliveries enrages me, as it makes me responsible for recycling and think of all the recyclable material in landfills.
this makes me anxious because the man in uniform looks like he is on a mission to write someone a ticket
I don't like it when people just stare at their phones.
The blurry picture of what appears to be a child in an auto museum, makes me wonder what the photographer was thinking when he took this photo.
This makes me think of people who gave out toothpaste to kids on halloween which was always a disappoint to receive when candy was the other more acceptable option.
Every time I try to drive past a group of bikes on the road they move in the way. Just seeing a group of bikes makes me feel annoyed.
Is that an ICE truck patrolling for illegal immigrants?
The girl should be having fun playing on the slide but she is preoccupied and consumed by her cell phone and I find it aggravating.
This animal looks bored and depressed. It should be freed immediately.
because these two clowns shouldn't be in the middle the street
This cop looks like he's on his way to break up a protest or something. He's all geared up, face covered, leaning on his motorcycle, surrounded by other police vehicles. Just seeing it makes me aggravated.
The man looks angry because he is frustrated that the bus is taking too long to arrive. Waiting for the bus always sucks so I feel his anger
I feel like going to the restroom should be a private moment and we are being disresepectful to this woman.
The man in the picture is not wearing a helmet while riding a motorcycle, which makes me angry.
Im confused as to why the workers would put a sign upside down, I feel like it's a waste of taxpayer money
Someone knocked over the stop sign and that could cause someone to be hurt.
i can just see this causing an accident
Both of these women look like they are upset about something and their angry looks just wear off on me, and now I am feeling fired up.
Elephants in my opinion are the smartest, most brilliant, and protective animals in the animal kingdom. In fact it is my loved animal out of them all and I love almost every animal. Due to my love of elephants, I respect them, and strong believe they belong in their natural habitat and to not be used for human entertainment or interaction. This photo makes me angry. To think of the treatment this elephant has gone through and having its will broken to comply to humans. It's grotesque.
Those bananas look like they are past their best date. I wouldnt eat them
Usually seeing a basket of stuffed animals in a store are usually overpriced and my children are left upset and angry with me because I refuse to spend money on it.
I don't think animals should be in cages, this is clearly an animal enclosure
This photo invokes anger as people are rioting and burning things in the street.  Of course, someone has to record it with their fun.  How many likes can he get?
The no parking is upsetting. I want to park at this spot though!
The sun coming out from the clouds looks pretty and bright. It makes for a relaxig afternoon.
The traffic looks like it is going slow and all backed up. I'm sure I would feel annoyed and would want to get out of there as soon as possible.
killing the animal is brutal. he should be punished
This car parked outside the lines annoys me a lot - there's so much space there's no need to park this way.
Irritated. I really don't like silly pretentious people who wear pre torn jeans. It's just stupid.
This makes me think of the countless construction projects in the city that slow down traffic and take forever to finish and are an inconvenience to me.
The bed should be made. My world cannot be right until things are in order, therefore the bed should be made.
looks as though the animals are stuggling to find food
It seems so wasteful. The colours are pretty, but it is a lot of product that is essentially one use items.
always feeling frustrated to see the busy traffic and thinking about the life wasted on it.
This picture feels really invasive, like I'm invading this person's privacy
This man looks very aggressive like he's about to hit someone with that bat.
Reminds me of days at the beach when seagulls would show up and ruin the whole day by stealing food, attacking people etc.
These animals look like they haven't been taking care of. Things like this makes me mad.
It makes me think of the commercialization of love and how if your alone something is wrong with you
Rush hour always takes time to get to destination and when running late it makes me angry.
The signs numerous rules seem like another attempt by employers to micro manage
This reminds me of videos of people who have stupid political arguments to make which always make me feel angry.
This looks like the aftermath of a violent attack. It makes me feel really angry and tense.
It reminds me that one day ill be an old man with grey hair and overweight
It was folks like these that caused the high spread of covid during the holidays
Seeing this sign encouraging complaints about elephants should make the viewer's blood boil at the inequality of the fact there is no facility for pachyderms to complain about other species.
I hate being stuck in traffic, especially when two busses are side by side and I cannot get around them. It makes me frustrated having to wait.
It reminds me how self centered most people are that they need to be told to slow down for safety
It makes me furious because the bold lies all news outlets are forcing down our throats while our country collapses
Someone is very displeased at the TV and it's broken once again.
Rightly or not, this reminds me of hunting with dogs and I dislike this intensely
The skateboarder is jumping a median in a parking lot, which is the type of activity that gives skateboarding a bad reputation.
To me these machines look dangerous and shouldn't be used.
Tough to tell the time with the clock in the shadows
It feels like being stuck in the gritty over populated city
I told my master I wanted a mate and a friend. A real mate not a stuff animal. Is this like blow up doll?
The bikes/scooters remind me how people who ride them think they can leave them anywhere because it is small when they should be in the parking lot like all other vehicles and its upsetting to see when they arent where they belong.
When trying to look cool on your motorcycle goes wrong
Living in the tropics is the greatest place on earth. But after each storm I have to figure out how to get my boat back in the water.
Every time I bring lunch, some phantom makes half disappear.
If it was my kite tangled up like that I would be pissed.
This soldier is about to go to war with that bull
The lady with the pink umbrella is so selfish not to share with the two old ladies next to her
I can imagine being angry seeing bad news on my computer.
Why does it feel like I am protesting alone in the middle of a protest? Is it because I do not have a sign?
Really sucks when a delicious looking restaurant is closed from business
Can someone tell mother nature that this is the middle of spring.
There has to be someone to help this elderly woman tend her herd
I work at an animal shelter and I feel angry when dogs come in with cropped ears, because it is an unnecessary cosmetic procedure and is often painful for the dog.
This scene of the lower half of a frisbee player's body as he runs through the sand should anger the viewer at this poor display of photographic composition.
It's all fun but if a man falls on high speed he will get bruises all over his body, need to wear protection.
This reminds me of people that I use to work with. I don't understand why someone would want to eat someone else's food.
It is too much cars riding on the same tracks with the trains , something has to be about it before a bad accident happens.
I feel those people with cows are arrogant as now the driver will need to wait and drive slowly.
these remind me of ll the can openers i have, looks like you can only use them to open cans 2 or three times then ou need another new pair.
That this casually-attired man would be so callous as to engage in open frisbee play in an enclosed pedestrian walkway endangering the people around him should be a trigger to anger any viewing this scene.
I feel angry because I would not want a cat to be sitting on my couch like that.
I don't like a congested jetty where boats are crumped together.
This looks to be two homeless men and its just sad people have to live like this
We shouldn't have to pay to park. Meters aggravate me.
The parking meter represents the pursuit of wealth, its rust symbolic of its detoriating value.
An asian woman with a leather jacket holds the phone to her ear out of frustration and anger.
A frisbee player angrily grips the frisbee as he aims at his opponent.
A couple in the middle of argument, she is angry can't you see.
The frustration of computers doing updates and not knowing if they're going to work is all too real.
Those old people look annoying as if they think they're better than everyone else.
These kids have no business on top of that truck trailer.
I feel angry that the dog is biting on something because that's not edible.
I'm sure he's just joking, but sometimes jokes can go completely wrong, and you may end up getting hurt.
Two giraffes turn their backs on each other, angry at each other for being spotted.
A child angrily tries to untangle his kite from a yellow fire hydrant.
I cannot see the televisok clearly and I am disoriented when just seeing the remote and the blackness around it.
I wish she could share the food with the other person, it is not cool to eat while someone else is watching and not sharing
i hate it when young people take that unnecessary risk. A young skating on a skate board with his arms while whole body is suspended upwards.
This man is clearly furious as he yells at whoever is on the phone with him.
The guy is on the phone, but he is shouting with anger.
The appearance of two heads behind this man shows that he is in a public place and is unconcerned with the lack of manners or respect he is showing other individuals near by.
I hate seeing stray dogs it makes me so mad that people will tie up their dogs on the side of the street. I hope its not to cold or hot.
Two men angrily trudge along on their artic trip, regretting it every second.
I don't like horse races because horses are badly handled and sometimes they have to be put to rest after an accident.
I feel angry as I feel that the concrete is encroaching on mother nature. I wish that at least a more natural look was chosen (e.g. wooden bench) as the concrete looks ugly
The back of the truck being loose makes me angry for everyone's safety on the road
I am angry. Why? I hate soccer. Terrible, boring sport.
This man looks upset and I don't know why he needs to have the phone at the table.
He looks like he is angry/upset about something. His body posture and face say it all.
a no parking sign in front of building - parking signs are so hard to understand sometimes
I am mad and sad for these elephant in captivation they deserve to be free.
The blurry appearance of the computer system appears to hide the real image like someone broke it.
This picture annoys me as it is out of focus and sideways.  I think it is a computer mouse.
If I saw my dog with my shoes in its mout i would be extremely frustrated because my dog went through its phase were she used to chew through my shoes.
I had a fire in my workplace once because of messy wires, this is dangerous
This looks like a cramped workspace that I would not be happy to work in.
Her look annoys me. She looks like a stuck up Karen.
i feel anger looking at this picture of road works as when i drive i hate traffic road works you get stuck in traffic and its too hot in the car
Leave the poor animal alone. Why are we so barbaric still and using animals in this way.
a black and white photo of street with a stop sign and fire hydrant - looks like a boring town
Winter is over, snow is not something you want to see this time of year.
This picture makes me think that the father is angry with his daughter for staying awake past her bedtime to read a magazine.
This makes me anger because it looks like my home that I cleaned and others junked it up while I was away.
The piles of luggage remond me of long travel delays when taking a trip
The guy looks like an arrogant bastard showing off on a selfie to the camera.
It makes me think of our cat who used to climb over everything and knock everything down.
An elephant angrily rampages around the plains, trying to drive away the humans from their habitat.
It looks like the giant torso is manipulating the distressed couple for his own amusement.
It appears that these people are waiting for a speaker to begin. I do not like waiting.
The parking sign gives me connotations to the frustration felt when one can't find a place to park because the place is crowded.
I'm sorry. I really don't like cats. Half of my family is also allergic to cats.  The one on the left is cute though.
I feel annoyed when I see this because I imagine how compacted that bus ride must be with too many people in the way.
Barack Obama enrages me because he is a part of the deep state.
The lights near this house make it seem like a railroad passes nearby and I imagine that being very annoying what with how loud that must be on a daily basis.
The guy looks like an arrogant bastard. He looks so full of himself. So yeah angry at photo.
Police in modern times dont really have a lot of fans in terms of how they treat some part of the public
This Indian man is trying to scam a client out of fifteen thousand dollars by telling her, he computer is infected and he is the only one who can fix it.
This looks like a fast food resturant with no one working in it.
Reminds me of the political mess the United States is in!
This apple set up reminds me of being in school an writing lots of essays.
I already hate screens and phones to begin and this makes it even worse
These football players deserve to fall out of this double decker bus.
Stop signs are just annoying to me as they inhibit mobility and add more tedium to life
a black car splashing a yellow fire hydrant with water on sidewalk - what a jerk
I hate when people are on their phones all the time; it is quite annoying
I am always a little bit annoyed when I look at my phone and I have some missed alerts because it really could have been something important.
Dont like individuals who desperately take selfies in public mirrors.
This picture makes me feel angry because the cats facial expression looks angry.
This streets reminds me of my home country and how conjested the streets are and there is no space for you to walk on .
i hate waiting for my luggage after a long flight even though its very necessary.
The little car parked in the no parking zone is so aggravating.  I'm glad the guy got boxed in by the truck.  This situation is so commonplace and irritating.
I'm a little angry seeing this as the van in the middle of the photo appears to be parked in a cross-hatched area that they shouldn't be. They are too close to the yellow fire hydrant.
It very clearly looks like the small silver car is parked in a no parking zone.  That always makes me angry when someone does that.
This elephant doesnt belong here and need to be set free.
This photo makes me angry because elephants are not cargo animals and shouldnt be isolated without their herds/families.
It provokes me when I see an animal in chains. The scars, the facial expression and the pose all lead me to believe that this elephant doesn't have a happy life.
It looks like someone is riding the cute elephant and making him move things. Leave the poor animal alone.
The black man has stolen the skateboard and is not trying to get away from the cops by using it.
The blurry pictures and the camera moves made me angry. This might be artwork, but frustrating considering i couldn't see the picture clearly.
I cant make sense of this image, knowing very well its a speed capture. but the thought of not making sense out of it makes me angry, just a little bit.
These 2 guys sitting in a restaurant with one on the phone is inappropriate and gives the feeling of anger and disrespect.
The photo of the girl with two cell phones to her ear just annoys me, because a lot of the younger generations waste their lives being attached to their phones.
A very disturbing picture of headless male and female manequins.
I was really angry today as I was late to work because construction on the traffic lights caused an unexpected delay.
I don't like that they use women to as part of the stand at trade shows.
The motor scooters the people are riding in the picture strike me as annoying given the sound they make.
The lady's expression while on the phone seems to be annoyed and some of that is projected onto me.
I hate Apple products and this reminds me of that hatred.
I don't like when people ride motorcycles in any capacity at all.
The buses are a form of public transit and that makes me somewhat annoyed as I think of them being noisy and overcrowded.
The traffic line looks to be very long.
I think this picture and its dark depiction makes me pretty angry in a lot of ways
I don't think you should ever take a photo of someone going to the bathroom, the fact that this person seems ok with it makes me wonder what kind of person they are.
i hate to see polar bears out of their natural habitat.
The road construction reminds me of being stuck in traffic and late for work.
The animals at the forefront look like boars or hogs and those are quite destructive to people while providing little to the environment. It makes me annoyed how they can be so harmful to everything and have little predators to take them out.
This street has too many signs telling people what they can and can't do.
Public transit, such as this bus, makes me feel a tad angry given that the rides are usually unpleasant and compacted.
Do not let dogs around alcohol. That can hurt the poor dog and even kill it. Irresponsible in my opinion.
Too many people crowded together gets me super annoyed.
I cannot stand a man with a poorly tied tie on.
This makes me feel angry the most and also sad because this house/room is in a such a bad shape/condition and looks so neglected.
Nothing annoys me like a sloppy suit. Make it look neat!
The woman on her phone driving at night makes me angry as she isn't paying attention.
These people made traffic jam in this place. I am angry towards such persons who deliberately do wrong things to others.
The many stop signs and triangular yield signs suggest the people are parents angry about ignorant drivers who threaten the safety of their children at a nearby school.
The many stop signs on the photo make me a little bit angry as I don't like having to halt my vehicle when I'm driving. I like to just go
The guys look like punk troublemakers and up to no good is my reaction.
i hate to see enslave animals specially elephants who are so gentle and calm in nature.
The trees look snowy and annoying.
This elephant appears to be in the back of a truck. This makes me angryto see the elephant in there.
The placement of this for hydrant in the middle of the field is horrible and makes me mad that people can't play using the whole field.
I do not support Bradley Manning and the actions they took against the US military.
The way the lights are hazy looks very foggy outside and it is super hard to see when your driving which is very frustrating.
The mirror shows that this is some type of train or trolley ride and it makes me feel agitated at thought of having to hear that noise as well as all the people when enjoying such a clean and pristine scene on the water.
Subjecting dogs to having to wear costumes upsets me.  They aren't children.
The Black and White palette of the image over dramatize the act of reading.
The graffiti on the Stop sign is ugly and sends a. bad message" Stop Love. The shame is, the hills in the background are pretty.
I believe that love is one of the best emotions that anyone can show for another person.
A man tries to hear his cell phone in a crowded space. I can feel his frustration in his facial expression.
I feel angry because I would not want a cat to disturb me as I'm working on my laptop.
reminds me that a lot of the benches near me have hostile anti-homeless bars on them
I get mad when I see horses being lead around with rope. They should be free like every other animal.
Remodeling the house has been extremely difficult and frustrating, especially because we are working on the toilet right now.
The man looks like h'es mad about something as he's looking at the side.
It irks me to see vandalism, even if it is just a construction sign.
Seeing this street packed full of cars with nowhere to park infuriates me, as if one were in the city.
I've been on enough plane trips to know the boredom of getting off of a long flight only to have to wait for your baggage. The thought is discomforting and kind of angering.
I had dogs and I know how difficult it is to even look at their teeth let alone put something in their mouth.
The particular sport franchise emblem on this mans shirt is one i do not care for.
The spelling is wrong and it’s like the people didn’t even try to fix it.
The dappled lighting on the man emphasizes his strong determination.
The cat looks angry getting woke up in the dark and I can relate how it feels to be really comfortable and then have bright lights and or noises just shake you awake, it really grinds your gears sometimes.
The men in this picture seem to making the woman uncomfortable and it fills me with anger at their being potentially sexist.
That red up looks like it's sitting on an amp/speaker. Never do that. Speakers vibrate and cups tend to fall over because of vibration.
That is one grumpy old man, Thin pursed lips, furrowed brow, leaning in to the camera.
I get very upset when i think about public places.
It looks like the white horse got maimed in the accident.
The man laying on the bed looks like he is ignoring the woman because she is being emotional and the misogynistic undertones are frustrating.
This fire hydrant looks great in every capacity.
This looks very unhealth to me but a very detailed image.
This image reminds me of ads you'd see on facebook that are clearly scams!
I feel angry because I don't like when people text and walk at the same time because they might bump into me.
I feel angry that this cat is near some shoes and sandals because I would not want it to scratch my shoes.
Its not that I get angry, but frustrated when there's a lot of people in one place. Especially if the area is small.
Don't understand why people have to always steal things it makes it difficult for honest people to be able to check out the merchandise.
This vehicle seems terribly fuel inefficient and it angers me that a person would drive this and use a motorboat as well.
The men holding guns, as if to shoot at someone makes me angry. The violence that I feel is ugly and scary.
Soldiers are inside The Red Baron Army truck firing shots around others. The men from the service are strong bold and tough handling those guns.
The red text makes me feel mad that the person feels lik they're being controlled.
I absolutely agree with the sentiment described here.  And that sentiment is angry and spiteful.
Those planes should never be flying that close to each other at all.
I think the red light is always an intimidating and annoying process.
Someone should really clean up the mess. It's not horrible but needs cleaned.
This picture makes me angry. The woman looks like she is in an extremely compromising place and she looks to be in danger.
I'm angry because I don't think people should dress their dogs and this dog doesn't look happy to be wearing the hat.
The man looks like h'es giving an angry speech about the world today.
This guy is dressed like a person who is a magician or pick up artist which tend to be really aggressive and the thought of engaging with him upsets me.
It is annoying to see people out at an event all on their phones rather than appreciating the people they are with and the event that is happening.
This might be considered artwork, but I'd rather see the picture without the effects or being blurry.
This makes me think of someone taking a selfie while driving and how unsafe and dangerous that is.
A pic with a distorted image with unlighted background. A man with no face
I hate driving at night because its very hard to see when there are a bunch of street lights like shown in this picture.
The traffic lights in both directions are indicating red signals which would irritate any driver.
This is made because someone is cutting my hair. This is not normal that other can cut your hair.
Ugh, poor giraffe. I'm sure the humans are enjoying themselves, but that giraffe should be out in the wild, or at least in a sanctuary.
It angers me to see these cops harassing this man, who is probably homeless. They should be trying to help him instead.
This is disgusting. Eyeballs and severed fingers on a cake is not for me. Makes my stomach turn.
Those elephants are holding up traffic, and that cop could care less!
I feel angry that this cat is sprawled out on the bed because it's going to leave hair behind.
I feel anger because of the way that the mans face looks while in a happy type of environment. He looks angry.
This looks like a war plane and that makes me angry because we should be helping each other, not killing each other.
I think this is an angry looking photo above the toliet.
This seems like it would be a scene out of a scary movie that I would want nothing to do with.
I feel angry looking at this photo because no one is sticking to the rules of social distancing. This means the virus will spread quicker.
I think birds should be free and not caged. Why's this person have so many also I wonder. Something not right here.
Cell phones have completely taken over all of our attention and this image is a testament of that.
These people appear to be making fun of people who play games and it fills me with anger that they are being mean.
I feel angry that there are so many remote controllers because I would get confused about which one to pick.
Looking at empty conference table brings me to the pandemic, and how we no longer meet in person.  Sad time.
a busy city street with cyclist - i can't stand city cyclist
I dont like this phot because you cant see the womans face
The traffic and overcrowded street make me feel tense and agitated, Like I'm being held up from getting where I want to go.
Seeing the graffitti on the wall makes me angry that someone has disrespected the property.
It seems as though the boys are skating in an unused swimming pool. This angers me because they could be damaging the walls of the pool, making it unusable to the owners.
It looks like the man with the remote is yelling at the other man.
Why do people feel the need to spray paint everything. No thiss is a beautiful area but tagging really doesn't help.
Only agrny about the vandalism on the stop sign. Looks like there may have been some on the wall of the building as well.
The bed is unmade and has junk piled on it, and the floor is covered with stacked objects, making getting around difficult, which irritates me.
It looks like someone was working on a project but failed to clean up after themselves
This man looks like he is going to beat someone up.
I really dislike these street signs, they put them in places people should be able to park.
This man should have consider the privacy of other people before taking the selfie.
When a protest is followed by cops on horses its time for me to go home where I like to just watch the news.
There are too many people there, I personally hate crowds
The subway car is clean and modern as is the station, which leads me to believe it isn't in the northeast United States where subways are dirty and dangerous.
With the anger on the young lad face while brushing is teeth is how we all feel especially when are late for work.  its a very necessary chore though.
a group of people standing around - looks like they are going to work
That cat looks very uncomfortable and the woman appears to be districted, so there is no reason for the cat to be held the way she is.
The woman on the far left looks about ready to cry; the woman in the back expresses shock by her body language and the man also looks alarmed. Something terrible has apparently occurred out of camera view.
The room being really cluttered and unorganized with laundry all over the place makes me feel upset and want to clean my house.
Seeing the garbage and junk piling up on the sidewalk makes you angry for the lack of respect for surroundings.
I recently learnt that we are having short attention span due to more devices and this is the reason why its happening. Not a single person is intereacting with another on the train
i think the man in the cap is not happy for some reason.
This guy looks very offended to be having his picture taken.
I get the impression this is for an article that will try and make me feel bad about something and waste my time.
The look of these two women make me feel bad for this waiter. They look like they are about to ask to see his manager.
I'm not a fan of having these exotic animals enclosed in such tight spaces.
This shows how technology dominates our lifes from mobiles to laptops.
4 men are a skateboard while pushing with a makeshift paddle - what a dumb idea.
a small boy is sitting on a skateboard - hate skateboarders
Black bird has found banana left over by someone who did not clear up.
I am upset that people would litter like this and this bird is left picking over the scraps.
The red of this stop sign makes me feel like an angry bull.
I do understand the pun, I just don’t think you need to take your dog everywhere you go.
I'm angry that people are leaving their trash behind in what looks like a public place.
Upon all the areas in an airport, waiting for the bags is the worst, The mans face says it all.
I'm not the biggest fan of people who dress up their animals. The cat does not look like she is enjoying herself.
Never cross the street while some vehicles are in motion. This may lead to your death and accident. Always use the pedestrian lane in crossing the street for your safety. Another way is to use the overpass.
Airports can be frustrating, especially when you have to wait for a long time. This kid appears to have been waiting for a while if he is sitting on his luggage.
This makes me angry because the composition of the picture doesn't make sense. What do a suitcase and mirror have to do with being in the middle of the woods? It's so out of place.
This little ship reminds me of my ship in a bottle that my brother broke.
The man holding his portable meal makes me think of early morning before doing construction work and eating my breakfast on the go
Everyone with the lanyards walking in groups with the buses in the back just reminds me of terrible work trips.
I can almost hear her yelling at the kids to get off her lawn.
Have to wait for a long time to clear the check post makes angry.
I surely do not like it when there is graffiti on buildings because I do not think it looks good.
I know they are working on something but it's still a big mess. I would be telling them to clean it up a bit.
I hate churches like this one, they piss me off because my mom used to drag me to church every sunday when I was a kid and I hated every minute of it!
I'm imagining this professor saying something that I don't agree with and getting mad about it.
The girls are dressed in baggy suits, and the horse standing between them seems like their plaything more than a natural creature
Never extend on your arm and hand on the car window. You might get an accident thru this action, because you might not notice that there is a fast-running car or vehicle. The vehicle may hit and cut your arm.
Do not remove your eyes on the baby while he or she is holding a carrot and putting it on his on her mouth. Because once you remove your eyes, the baby may swallow the carrot and may cause the death of the baby.
The expression of the guys in the picture is not appealing. I feel anger towards them.
these poor sheep are so crowded into this pen, it makes me angry and sad that they don't have more room to roam
These old white people make me feel angry because they are the ones who are probably really making all the decisions, not the voters!
Not sure the reason for someone taking a photo of this but to each their own.
The "Stop" and " glaring "restricted" post makes me think of all the over reach most complexes display regularly
The woman pointing the phone at you could be taking a photo which makes me feel angry.
This is disgusting that someone wants to take a photo of themselves brushing their teeth.
I hate reading books as it is very boring.
These animals are not only caged and took into control but their freedom is also equally caged and trapped for material benefits of humans.
The oven is so messy....can't anyone else wash the dishes?  Why is it always me?
Yes, the dog is very cute but I hate when dogs hang out the window, its called an accident because you dont see it coming
It looks like they are having an argument and that is such a shame, especially as one of the people looks like they might be a cop
I feel this way because if there is a fire at that location, the firemen would have to struggle with the tress to connect their hoses in the hydrant.
The stress of waiting in traffic when you have somewhere to get is maddening.
For some reason I inagined getting stuck at a crossing waiting 10 minutes for these to pass
I hate buzzing streets as they were crowded and full of noise.
It makes me angry to see so many people right next to the elephants disturbing them
This photo reminds me of how much I dislike old seating where you can only see the back of someone's head instead of the screen.
I do not like clutter and when I see photos of areas that are cluttered or dirty it does not make me too happy.
There are few things more annoying than a traffic jam.
These fish need to be put elsewhere instead of these small plastic bags.
Seeing this damaged desk when you could be so easily fixed and repaired is pretty annoying.
She looks angry, I think she got bad news over the telephone
The girl in the picture looks really mad and angry about something. Seeing her angry makes me feel anger too.
The image is way to blury you can't even figure out who it is , so why post it?
Im mad that she was moving and the picture blurred, her face looks incredibly intense
The person in the photo is speaking on the phone and he seems frustrated, which would make me angry.
Get off your damn smartphones and talk to each other!
The gray sky behind the red traffic lght makes me feel fustrated, Like Im trying to get home late in the day and the detours start adding up
A bus covered in advertising is annoying. Ads are visual pollution.
The wall on which the signs are on are not looking good at all.
Riding a skateboard without a helmet and protective pads makes me feel angry. Because once you fall and your head hit the floor and you do not have any helmet, your head may have an injury. Once you had a head injury or any kinds of injury, it is hard to do the things you do on your daily activities. so, please follow my advice to you in riding an skateboard.
I feel angry towards the corporation for keeping the public place dirty.
Looking at the guys not even eager to smile at each other, I feel anger.
The fire hydrant is in worse condition and has not maintained. I feel angry.
It makes me angry that we have to post common sense rules for people to follow when they should just know how to correctly conduct themselves
It makes me angry to see young kids learning how to shoot at such an age.
I don't like these two-cylinder motorbikes because they make a lot of noise.
I hate the police they are so incompetent and rarely help look how they messed up the city street
This sure looks like animal cruelty and is not right.
Such heavy motorbike should not be allowed at the park for it will disturb the games.
There is nothing worse in life than being stuck in a traffic jam, I would rather drive an hour out of the way instead.
This pic makes me think of parking tickets and fees .
The field needs a lot of work to look good.
The way that people have blocked the meaning of this sign with graffiti and stickers makes me angry.
The dog looks hungry and needs to be well fed.
All the graffiti, while some of it isn't bad, combines to create an ugly, disgusting scene.
The train will bring a lot of harm on the environment,
I feel anger towards the picture, as they not even know how to pose for the picture.
I don't like that this appears to be a collaboration between America and China, the handshake may be friendly, but there are always political overtones
I hate the current machinery life as no one willing to care others.
I dislike when there is a bright sun spot in photos, it makes it harder to notice what is going on in the picture; this particular photo has two sun glares which is even worse. the time of day for this shot is nice, the lighting is nice, the subject matter is mildly interesting, but the sun flares ruin it for me
The dog is feeling sad and stressed one need to attend to it.
Dogs should be allowed to be free, not caged up.
I hate protests, now a days protests has no meaning and no values.
Traffic jam is one of the saddening thing to encounter when you are tired.
Its a bad habit to leave the wastes in the public place. It makes me angry.
Its stupid to search in books in front of laptop as he can google it to get instant answers.
I find it irritating when people ride their motorcycles on walkways; it's loud and dangerous.
It angers me to see so many discarded cups laying on the ground and other trash laying around.
I feel this way because i don't like the republicans.
Its not good idea to take coke at old age instead have natural flavored drinks.
the girl's face is really mean and almost antagonistic
I could see sadness in the eyes of this elephant's eyes. I hate whoever hurts this.
I have so many unanswered questions about this photo; why are they on such an old phone? who is she talking to that shes making that kind of face? The writing behind her makes me think this is in south America but I'm not sure. Is she selling me something? Ignoring me? Her stance and face make me feel ignored
It reminds me of my poor airport experience where my luggage was lost and I was incredibly upset.
I really just want about 5 minutes to straighten up the table
This cargo plane is using a ton of natural resources and creating pollution. It doesn't look like much would really fit on the plane to offset the resources and pollution.
I am not a fan of Barry Bonds, and do not believe he should have got the homerun record since he was juicing. He makes me incredibly angry.
The man in a black and white  photo and talking to cellphone is look like a drug addict because he is so skinny with tattoo.
Seagulls are disgusting creatures that steal food and should be culled
This photo was not nice due to the spikes on the collar of one dog and the hostile interaction between the two canines.
A very dirty toilet bowl that is color brown sticky on top and at the side of a bowl.
The cafeteria style lunch makes feel like I'm back in school eating nasty cold food.
The man's mustache and sly expression comes across as slightly irritating. The fellow's longer face just makes him seem like a schemer.
Tolerant of their compadre's skills, they wonder when he is going to break out the weed.
The look in this cats eye and its body language is angry! Look out!
These boys look like they are up to something and trying to destroy someone's property. It makes me mad.
Don't like the idea that the huge truck or semi will park in front of the house unless it is the owner of the house that drives that semi.
Anger because it reminds me of war and useless destruction and innocent people killed.
I feel anger cause someone took a pic of the person in the seat in front of them unknowingly it makes me uncomfortable
It's always make me mad when my car breaks down and I have to get it towed.
Lady is this your truck blocking the parade route?
The lighting or camera glare is messing with the natural colour and beauty of the flowers
The look on this persons face makes me feel so mad! they look so upset
Seeing traffic makes my blood boil. Endless waiting inside a hot and boring car.
I really do not like graffiti, especially when it's gang-related.
This photo makes me feel very unsafe, there are too many people on that motorbike
Seeing this dead polar bear really makes my blood boil. Dead animals,especially rare ones, shouldn't be a trophy.
She is talking on her mobile phone while walking in any urban area while well dressed and alone and not paying attention to what is going on around her--an easy mark for a mugging.
A drunk man is sleeping on the wood bench alone on the side road with the can of beer on the ground.
a hotel room with two beds - these beds don't look comfortable at all
I feel nothing but anger when I see a line of people in a public place because I can picture myself going crazy as I am waiting on line.
The cat playing with the wires for the computer mouse. I would not be happy to find that destroyed.
I chose anger because this is clearly a shot of a trial. I dont know what he is on trial for, but whatever he did is sure to make me annoyed.
Made me angry when I saw a lot of vandalism on the wall everywhere.
Mixing the pattern from the shirt with the pattern on the tie gives me dizzy and makes me angry that they would mix the patterns together like that.
This just reminds me of the anger i would sometimes feel at riding public transit and the stop and go nature of a bus when all you want to do is get home quickly
The small television looks like it has a small screen and lots of annoying lines across what I am trying to see.
The way this truck park behind the cars blocking people in is inappropiate and very rude.
Keep teasing me with that feather and I will scratch your eyes out.
This looks like a military plane and I don't support the military industrial complex.
The seriousness of the guy with the yellow tank-top holding the beer is giving me a feeling of uneasiness and it is making me angry.
i don't like to see animals dressed up in fancy costumes for humans' entertainment.
This is a picture of an storefront with an Elephant and an EXSUS sign. Exsus is a luxury travel brand, ideal if you want to take that Eco-tourist trip to Thailand. If you are doing a Mturk HIT for $0.07, it can't help but raise a little anger in me at the disparity in wealth throughout the world. Perhaps resentment would be a better choice of emotion.
The cheap computer keyboard reminds me of computer problems I always seem to have
Anger because the animals should be in the nature.
The way this man has a look of confusion and alittle of angry. This appeara as though he is in a heated argument.
Artificial snow contributes to negative effects on the energy crisis and should be left to snow naturally.
I don't like a cluttered room and this bathroom is very cluttered and disorganized. Needs to get some kind of uniformness to it.
I don't trust these animals. I used to have geese in the backyard of my house as a child and have many memories of being attacked by them, so seeing them makes me want to repel them.
I get angry seeing a pile of stuff in the middle of the room that need organising, binning or putting away.
That cat needs to find another spot that is nice and warm to lay on and relax. The laptop isn't theirs to rest on.
If i were standing there i would be covered in dirty rain water
Seeing this man's sleeve be much larger than his arm angers me, this suit clearly does not fit him!
She looks mad.  It seems like she just lost a match or something bad.
I always hate these signs! I hate that there is only one way in and it always seems to be so far from where you think the entrance is!
That dump truck did not pick up our trash!
The dog looks like they need a drink of water asap.
i don't like road work. it can cause traffic congestion, noise etc.
Seeing this beach completely overcrowded just makes me furious for some reason, as if people can't respect nature.
It is an interestijg drawing but looks like it is doing damage to thr mirror
a woman on the phone while eating cake - this woman looks busy, don't want to be in her shoes
I would be a little angry if someone lit these candles next to the electronic equipment at my house because it surely is a fire hazzard.
People in this looks like addicted make feel mad especially if my relatives.
This woman looks like she is ignoring everyone because she is on her cell phone. There's a woman looking at her like she wants to talk, and it makes me irritated that she isn't even acknowledging anyone else.
a woman using an umbrella on a sunny day - What a gorgeous day, but why use an umbrella when it's not raining
The overweight slob of a man with douchey slicked back hair and an ill fitting shirt sitting right next to a person who likely gets up every day and works hard to earn a living slinging hot dogs out of a food cart makes me angry as he likely can't even prove that this guy's food made his child sick
My exact feeling when my kite gets stuck in a tree as though two yellow kites.  How can I set aside my frustration and ever retrieve them.
I used to have swans in the backyard in Miami, and they are angry, vicious, murderous little creatures. The babies are cute but I can't see a swan without remembering being attacked by them.
This would be terribly difficult to drive in.
This looks like a fire hydron? These bikes should not be blocking it! Makes your blood boil looking at it!
It makes me feel old.  Because I had. Truck Like this in 1984.
The protesters are blocking the road when they could find some place to hold their protest that doesn't block traffic.
This zoo is utterly disgusting! Why won't the zoo keepers clean these exhibits from trash. The bears could ingest the garbage.
The beautiful view is marred by the scratches on the plexiglass window.
The photo appears to contain governor Gavin Newsom who is a complete hypocrite and a liar so I feel angry.
I love cats but the bird is in danger and someone decided to take this photograph rather than help the bird.
This person makes me want to yell and throw things around
I'm not exactly "angry" but to me this is a waste of water.
That one is a particularly pissed off stuffed bear.
Putting a glass jar with liquid inside on a porcelain tank without a towel underneath is asking for it to slide off as soon as someone sits on the toilet or moves the lid.  It's like someone intentionally wants their guests or family members to break it and fail at a simple task of using the toilet.
group of people sitting down with skateboards in front - i can't stand skateboarders
It irks me how that shower doesn't have a curtain. Water will get everywhere!
This person on their phone alone while families are exploring n air craft carrier. Gives the feeling he has walked away from his family.
The bigger boats look intrusive and remind me of what interruptions they might be giving to the wildlife.
The man with multiple bags of luggage reminds me of the hassles of travelling without a car.
The phone is more important then watching where you are going. Not just for this man but in society in general.
War leads to death and distruction which is so sad and painful
The pinkish bib with the word "hottie" emblazoned on it angers me because the bib makes it seem like your describing the child as hot.
The train is pumping black smoke into the air, causing pollution that the people standing next to the tracks are going to breathe in.
Graffiti makes me very angry! It defaces property and devalues the motorcyle in the photo.
Seeing this boat speed off angers me as it looks like they are leaving this man stranded in the lake!
I am angered anytime a person is cheated out of their hard earned money.
a police officer leaning against a barrier - would have to do his job right now
The billboard references massage parlors that also double as sex shops and perpetuates a bad stereotype
A photo is in black and white, a man is driving alone the boat and left the woman.
Trying to get down the street in all the congestion is a way to get angry quickly.
The white person gives of the vibe of being a missionary and it fills me with anger to think of the violence they do to communities they enter.
If I only knew who you were talking to?
I am angered as this beautiful gull seems like he is in prison of his not choosing.
This irritates me since it is such a mess! I'm not a huge fan of clutter and would prefer if everything were more organized.
Don't like that they are not wearing mask and people are close to each other.
The woman seems displeased and wary of her picture being taken.
doesn't seem safe for the kids in the back
Seeing this sign angers me because it reminds me of those times when I couldn't find parking at a mall. So frustrating.
The group of people standing together but only looking at their phones makes me feel frustrated
I hate seeing horses used as tools for humans, the city streets are not safe places for them.
I feel anger at watching these beautiful animals doing circus stunts.  the trainer with the stick makes me mad.
I worry that these animals are not be treated proerply and that makes me mad
This is horrible and so evil! it is not even funny to put a living creature in a microwave!!! It makes me angry
This person is dressed in a way that suggests to me that he might be mean and it makes me upset.
She looks like she's going to strangle her cat.
The road is closed for roadworks causing traffic, but no one is working.
Angry because there is no way those fish were large enough to keep, they should have been released.
the Childs face of disapproval is annoying
Seeing all of these people lined up make it look like they are in a rush, and it angers me as they could've allocated their time better!
This photo reminds me of the time my car got taken away. I felt so low.
I have very mild anger as I trynot to make assumptions, but when I see flashy dodge trucks I immediately think of a type of person who usually doesn't share my political or social views.
With this many ads in the waiting area, I can only imagine that I would be solicited for more when in the business itself.
This black and white image appears as a picture from a surveillance camera. Not impressed with spying.
a messy kids room. it reminds me how much of a struggle it is to clean after my younger siblings and how much of a pain it must be for those parents
The man is clearly yelling and he has an agitated expression on his face that is projected onto me.
The woman sitting in an empty nursery filled me with anger because I wanted children and have not ever raised any.
Competing in tennis can feel like taking on a boxer in a boxing match! I need all my faculties working at 100%!
I am concerned about the cat about to jump on a hot wood stove as this vet bill could be high.
If you want to chat on phone ,better sit somewhere and talk ,don't make traffic jam for others.
Sure he's mad. He spent a week in a box. You would be mad, too.
A street named battery place makes me think of someone being hurt, why would anyone name a street something that sounds like a place people should be tortured.
Afraid that candle will be burn and not safe to see that candle without a holder and with the tissue on it.
Seeing this guy talk on a cell phone with another in his hand angers me because there is no point in having two cellphones!
This picture makes me angry because it is a cop breaking the law. She should not be on her cell phone while driving. It makes me soo mad.
It makes me angry these children aren't in the bathroom with a toothbrush in their mouths because toothbrushes aren't toys and have been know to cause serious accidents with kids.
The man is holding a stop sign, which means traffic will be backed up.
Don't see any driver in this two vehicle are in the road, what if I am driven to this place, this make me mad.
None of the people in this picture are wearing helmets, which is behavior that I do not condone.
Traffic makes me feel angry. It seems the bus is waiting for something - as are the trailing vehicles.
Seeing this person eat two donuts in half and put them back makes me angry as it's such a waste of food!
Elephant is a living animal and should not be used as a joy ride for some tourists. I hope this animal is being properly cared for.
It's a green, natural world and the motorcycles are destructive
The skier in second place looks fatigued and seems unable to catch the skier ahead of him.
This image makes me feel angry because I believe the person who is cutting the animals skin off is doing so in an unsympathetic way and the animal looks like it could be alive and struggling.
It irks me how crooked that coffee table is in relation to the couches.
an adult riding a skateboard - adults should never ride a skateboard
Thisbimage is no fun. Having to climb the stairs while the escalator is out.
The looks on their faces and their body language is that of pure anger. Wow!
Poor cows working so hard while the owner just stands there modeling.
While the young skateboarder shows his ability by bounding over a fire hydrant, he also reveals how skateboarders create traffic hazards for cars and people.
Hey! When did a unicorn barf all over my pancakes!
What is the point of flying a kite if you just have it strapped to your back? This takes out all the fun and angers me.
I know this is suppose to be a joke but vandalism is not good. I'm a tax payer and I hate seeing my tax dollars wasted.
This appeara as though a woman is walking away from a bus with both doors open and it appears to be that the bus has broken down. Very sad and tough to have happen.
a man skateboarding on street - skateboarders boil my blood
I hate that people feel the need to just leave their trash wherever they happen to be.
The picture feels like I'm commuting in NYC to a crap job
The man with rhe purple shirt and black vest has such a smug look on his face that it makes me angry enough to give him a peice of my mind.
The fact that there are 6 motorcycles clogging up traffic makes me feel angry.
People who travel with this much luggage really anger me, it is so inconsiderate, just ship your boxes to your destination instead!
The car trunk is extremely full and the girl hardly has space for her luggage.
She looks like she's mad because she's waiting for someone who's late. I think it's disrespectful
It is difficult to not be angry with police by default, even if he's just leaning on his bike doing nothing.
Destroying a road safety sign is an offensive that needs to be fined.
These items seem to be littered as it is not organized.
Three men playing... something.  I have no real idea what they're doing, but the fact they all look so serious about something so simple - frisbee - annoys me.  They're wearing a proper team kit, they're being watched by other people, and they're indoors.  Surely, this isn't some kind of competitive endeavour?!?
For all the things in the world, anything Fox News has to say should be shut off.
The door on the truck could seriously injure someone.
The clutter makes me feel unorganized and claustrophobic.
The administrative officer was anger and he was shouting and giving instructions to his employee's.
Trying to relax as the house buzzes around you is frustrating since you will not be able to get self time anytime soon.
This image reminds me of how badly our school systems are in desperate need of reform. The school system is going in the wrong direction yet those in charge are not listening to what the parents want
Sweet cows being forced to stand in filth in a feed lot is absolutely disgraceful.
This man is talking on his phone while in the driver's seat of a car, and it is hard to see whether he is actively driving or not, but overall, cars and phones are dangerous combinations and it makes me angry when I see a driver holding his phone to his ear.
Being nice when you do not want to is typically irritating in social settings and that moment never seems to come to an end.
It makes me so angry that humans are so wasteful, like who dumped all of these refrigerators out in the forest?
Seeing the construction equipment makes me feel angry as it will lead to traffic.
This man looks like someone who is full of himself, and probably an horrible manager.
It is not ok to touch people's property and attempt to destroy it, this overall would make me angry to see and I would see the worst in people.
I know it isn't, but it looks like this helicopter is dropping agent orange and the idea angers me.
People are marching in protest to something they are upset about and I will happily join them! What is the cause?
These bears are clearly eating someone's bird food which makes me feel like the owner is being robbed.
The woman is looking at the man angrily and she seems not very nice.
The traffic in this picture makes me angry as dealing with it is just horrid.
Why on Earth is this woman fiddling around with her damn phone!!  She is in a pretty location near some sort of cool art.   It drives me nuts to see people on their damn gadgets and not being present.
The smaller a remote is the easier it is to lose especially one that looks as inconspicuous as this.
Something about the stop sign in front of what appears to be a courthouse feels very political and as if there was a frustrating reason this picture was taken.
Not only have I’ve been harassed by individuals like this but I also think parking meters are annoying.
The picture is extorted so the room can look bigger. The fridge is unbelievably wide. This is false advertisement.
The holes in the sand remind me of the constant frustration of rolling my ankles.
It's nothing like having to restore your computer and potentially losing all your files. It is really annoying.
A bump in the road can be irritating and really ruin a drive that would otherwise be peaceful.
I don't know why the vendor is wearing gloves but he will contaminate the vegetables by touching the money with gloves on.
It makes me angry seeing rent prices like that for a one bedroom apartment and they won't even allow pets.
Elephants should never be kept in captivity as they roam for hundreds of miles across their natural habitat.
These sheep need to be on a pasture and not on this harvested field.
These bikes are always so loud and annoying.
These motorcycle gang people think they are so cool but, in fact, are somewhat ridiculous.
The angle is wrong making it look like you can see the curvature of the Earth and the filter is too blue.
This picture looks like an add - grey background vs colorful player and a ball. It's not natural, it makes me feel like I'm watching a commercial on TV not being interested in brand or product. I feel angry because I need to watch it till the end.
A neglected older house that is surrounded by modern buildings that are better taken care of than it ever will be.
Our cousin won't join us at our table downstairs but insists on drinking and snapping selfies from his balcony.
The blue sign outside is confusing to me and makes me feel anger because I do not understand what is going on.
Wild animals, especially large wild animals like giraffes, should not be kept in captivity for human amusement!
The look on this woman's face shows me that she is not too excited to get her picture taken- she looks irritated.
It is infuriating to see the sad looking elephant forced into such a grotesque and small metal cage.
The two women sitting on the park bench look angry, or upset. The feeling transfers to me.
The bus going fast makes me upset because it reminds me of my sister being hit by a bus for no reason.
This makes me a little angry because seeing this guy cutting the umbilical cord reminds me that I was supposed to cut the umbilical cord of one of my kids but due an error by the midwife causing a lot of panic for the doctors I didn't get to.
Most of the elephant rides offered to tourists involve the animal being abused and that makes me angry.
Seeing the blurry photo of a street sign kind of makes me angry at the poor quality.
This guy in the picture looks like he's trying to flex his watch and looks cool and that make me angry because it doesn't look natural like all these influencers.
What does this mean, stop pig?  Like are they being nasty to police officers?
Parking meters make me feel angry and frustrated, especially when you do not have enough change for them, or have to change plans to run back and feed them more money.
I don't know if this is the Damien Hirst shark, but the fact that they put this shark up like this for display feels disrespectful to the animal kingdom. I know sharks are terrifying and all, and I certainly wouldn't want to run into one, but still. What's right is right.
It’s a beautiful animal but why do the Chinese have to use it to browbeat other countries?
Staking out a cow with a short rope tied around its neck is cruel.
The guy on the bicycle almost drove into the table only because he is too lazy to walk a few steps!
I feel irritated that someone has parked right in front of the entrance.
Just don't like people or things to telling me to smile all the time
The man with the baseball bat seems to be angry and having an uncomfortable conversation with the woman facing him.
These two have not lived enough to know what life really is....but just wait.
So many horses are abused for the benefit of humans.
The people in snow gear reminds me of the frustration of seeing bitter cold snow on the ground.
It is not advisable to allow dogs hang out of the window of a car.
I don't understand why the bicyclist isn't using the bike lane.
The fact that they have to put up signs like this makes me furious. What is wrong with people? Why can't they leave cemeteries alone. The sign says "Save Texas Cemeteries, Stop Cemetery Destruction."
This parking meter reminds me of all the parking tickets I got while living in LA. Grrr....
The train is probably very loud when its moving along.
Getting ready for a fox hunt. I love the horses and the dogs, but I hope the fox is well hidden and safe.
This phone says it is 8:56 pm, which means I am probably stuck at work.
The beautiful water and scenery -- and this guy on the right is on his phone. Come on....
The break lights remind me of getting stuck in traffic
The woman looks really aggravated and the fact that she is in a towel makes it seem like no one should have been taking her photo.
That looks like so much chaos and inconvenience, nothing annoys me more than being inconvenienced
The man looks like he's about to smash the equipment.
A large number of people on a street and it looks like they are protesting making me sense anger in the air.
I feel this way because the beautiful cup is broken on the side which is a shame.
This new driver should have to hands on the wheel to be safe.
This person's spikey hair and somewhat contemptuous look makes me slightly irritated
This surf board looks dirty as if it has been abounded by the owner in the beach.
The people faces in this photo are quite scolded and show they are angry of something.
It appears that the man was lecturing this girl in the photo and that is not cool to do in public!
The dogs are fighting and could hurt one another with their teeth.
The man looks very competitive as he's trying to beat the game.
The wire fence makes me feel like the giraffe are being poorly treated
This dude looks like a greasy politician who just did something bad and is trying to hide it.
Someone's life or property peril because of a careless motorist.
It kind of makes me angry whenever I see people on their phones because not only are they missing important things in life, but they usually are not paying attention.
This just screams to me that they want people to train for the military
I only can see a cropped and partial photo a building that may or may not be a church. I would love to see the whole building and check out the architectural features the building may or may not have. Disappointed and upset that I'm not able to.
Elephants are one of the largest, smartest, and in my opinion majestic animals we have on the planet. They are an animal that craves and has the natural desire to be in a herd of its kind! I do not like it all to see animals and even more so an elephant to be used as a source of income. Often the poached from their mothers and family and put into a life that they don't deserve to live. People truly need to wake up to this truth and reality; to not support it by paying to ride an elephant as it appears the ladies in the photo are doing. I would love to have a personal encounter with an elephant myself. But my love for them outweighs that and wants them in their natural and normal habitat.
Terrible photo that fence in the front completely ruins this photo. And the photo is to distant from the subject as well.
This White guy thinks he's Black by copying their hairstyle, not cool.
The messages on the right computer make me think the computer isn't working properly even though it is a nice computer. If it cost a lot it should work right and not give layers of error messages.
This looks like a horrible cluster of traffic, confusing signs and construction. I would be annoyed.
The cow seems to be tired of something.
It is police officers on horses and they look more self-important than anything
The sign seems to be limiting my movement and making me take extra steps
A red light gives me a feeling of anxiety either because it interferes in my pacing or could make me late for an appointment.
Seeing two guys sitting around gaming reminds me of all the time my own son has wasted doing the same thing.
That little boy does not like happy. I am underwhelmed with and angry at the jerk, presumably his father, for taking such a little guy to the tennis court just to scold him when he would obviously be happier on the beach or at the park having a good, uncomplicated time. This pastime is not for him yet, and his dad needs to get a life and stop being so selfish. Plus, the dad's pointing finger makes me want to slug him.
I feel annoyed that all three people are on their phones instead of talking and spending time with each other.
When i look at this image it reminds me when i used to work for a company than was far from my house and i had to take the overground train to and from work which most mostly delayed and i was waiting around for ages
These guys look like they have a lot of power and don't mind abusing it
This  blurry and under-exposed image of a cyclist on a wooded lane should inspire anger in the viewer that the photographer would fail to use image stabilization.
Man on a motorbike angers me because my daughter's boyfriend is buying her a bike which I view as dangerous
It looks like someone has paused from performing a tedious task.
That kind has an obnoxious look on his face and I don't like it.
The placement of camera so close to the mans lapel has a claustrophobic quality.
This is a photo of a donkey painted to look like a zebra.  I felt angry because I think this is exploitation.
It gets me angry when I see rioters destroying their community. In this picture they are burning down the front of a business which gets me upset.
Cats are an annoying creature that need to no longer exist!
This type of picture makes me a little angry because this girl is in a fun place where you can get physical activity but she choses to be on her cell phone device.
It annoys me when people leave electronics on the curb
I don't like GRIFFATI and that's why I don't like the photo and it angered me to see it.
Although there is some decent art on the wall, there is also some very trashy looking graffiti that looks like no one even put any effort into and it makes me upset.
A red "For Rent" sign advertises a 1 bedroom apartment for $1,650 a month, a very unfair price.
Something about this guys face makes me think he makes inappropriate jokes
The warmth of sunlight and comfortably dressed pair contrast their facial expressions of being disgruntled and very agitated.
The plane descending upon the white sands and glimmering blue waters seems like the specter of commercialism coming to suck the life out of another natural haven.
The woman looks like shes' serious about something.
These two people look like they think they are the coolest person around
It always bothers me to see people on their telephones so much as I believe they are probably missing very important things going on in their immediate world.
They are not sharing the umbrella
Traffic is a good reason to avoid the city at pretty much all costs unless you absolutely have to.
I will never understand the fascination with professional sports. I don't see the value of an "athletes" autograph. I don't think they should make so much money. Baseball is so boring. Why do people idolize these people. Makes me angry people waste money and time on a rigged game.
The poor passengers with their windows opened being subjected that steam exhaust from the engine.  Not only them but those waiting to board as well.  Finally, what an unnecessary ecological hazard.
She watched in horror as  airline security attendants rifled through her bags filled with special trinkets she bought along her trip overseas, as if they were opening gifts on Christmas morning.
I am not a fan of messes and the boxes are scattered all around.
These guys look to me like they are planning something evil together
The boy holding two different mobile phones makes me a little angry, as I don't believe children that young need access to phones as it can slow their development.
I don't like the vandalism of the stop sign.
This house design is so outdated with the dull painting and appears like not a good place to be at.
The closeness of the cat to the computer keyboard reminds me of their destructive nature
the signs have been graffitied and ruined, they have also been politicized with campaign stickers
The man is abusing the goat and forcing it to do tricks and beats on it if it does not comply.
A beautiful graffiti is acceptable but a terrible one that needs to be clean is a pain especially how difficult it is to clean them.
The criss crossing lines gives a sense of entanglement.
Wild animals should never be in captivity
That looks like far too heavy a load for the donkey to pull.
I can imagine how quickly the subway station would fill up with people and having to fight to get on the train.
The tanks look like weapons of war used to hurt people
The person looks like they're not happy with the brush.
This town has old buildings and looks so congested to live in.
The man in this image is smoking a cigarrete with an annoyed expression on his face that triggers unpleasant emotions.
Mainly anger because I'm so sick of the Joker. I'm sick of all the stupid inane super hero crap. Enough already. It's annoying, and boring.
My first reaction to this photo is kind of anger because of the tilted horizon line. It is not even and it makes me feel like I am falling over looking at the building. Otherwise, it is an interesting looking old building.
It seems to me that the elephant is being abused, it looks beaten and subdued.
The toilet and the shelf with graffiti in the background looks like somebody is dumping their trash and making a mess for somebody else to clean up.
I do not like politicians and the scene of two men in the room with the tie is not fun.
The lady with blonde hair seems bored with the man sitting besides, hence has her earphones plugged in.
Seeing the poster vandalized makes me angry.  Also, with the old electronic left on the street makes me feel like the people around don't have any respect for the city or the environment.
The British weather has a habit of spoiling everything and after working all week and looking forward to the weekend I find it incredibly frustrating hen it rains.
Graffiti on public property is frustrating, especially on a train where people have to see it.
The picture needs to be rotated and the person who uploaded this should be ashamed
They have their motorcycles on the sidewalk like they don't care about laws
I like the ducks but the picture is way to small and as why I didn't like it.
The car traffic must be hell with that many trucks in the streets
Apparently the parking meters represent another attempt at modern art.  The lawn should be flourishing, instead its a refuse for obsolete trash.
Putting everything you don't need on this electronic item will be wasted.
People should not have candy like this so close to where they work because they will eat a lot of it
The cat looks with eyes that seems to be furious.
The cat on the tv reminds me of the cat in my house that I hate.
This photo makes me angry because I am VERY against using animals to perform tricks and that's what is going on here, and that man looks ready to hit them if they don't behave.
I hate how much space busses take up on the road, they always cause congestion and delays.
The boat reminds me of overfishing and how wasteful humans are
Vehicles on a city street make me think about infuriating traffic.
The dreaded workplace microwave, fridge, and drinks corner which are always filthy and unhygienic.
Football game going on. It looks like a sack that encloses with a drawstring.
All the traffic and the sun just rising makes me irritated.  It makes me think of having to get up super early and fight traffic to get to work or another activity.
This reminds me of training kids in high school to join the military
The red traffic light is keeping cars from getting where they need to go.
These colors are going to stain that shirt and umbrella forever
Just the sign with the pending road work annoys me. I hate how they tear up 20 miles of road to fix 50 yards of it.
The contrast being the pristine naturally forested land and the ruinous motorbike.
I know to many people who have died on motorcycle
a scene of heavy traffic, a truck is going through the intersection I feel stress and anxiety
While I'm all for art and expression, unlicensed graffiti, as we see here - up against the old walling on the left - shows a clear degradation of society. We see old architecture ruined by being near a wall of sloppy spray paint.
The way the man is holding his phone and has his mouth open makes me think he is a loud talker in public and I do not like that, it makes me angry.
This animal does not look like it is being well cared for which makes me mad
This guy is a jerk, he has no right to do this, sometimes people get sick and you can't know where it came from
Bad lighting in pictures makes me angry, this one is very dark and hard to see.
This lady is trying to do too much all at once holding an umbrella and taking a picture while holding a backpack.
Absolutely have torn feelings about this picture.  So much respect for the military and so little for Clinton.
These people look too close together in times of COVID
The stop sign being placed in a free road that looks to have no cars feels like something that is limiting my freedom which makes me angry
The motorbike looks gaudy, reminds me of over consumption and the smug look on the face is irritating.
this reminds me of waiting forever at customs at the airport, crowds suck
I don't like to see cows chained up like that
This guy looks smug like he would be kind of a jerk
This girl has a mysterious and angry look.  She is unapproachable.
I will admit that I always get kind of upset when I see things like a truck or a building completely covered with graffiti as I do not think it is artful or necessary.
Those black marks make me feel like they burned part of my pizza. This angers me as pizza should be an exciting feeling, not burnt mushrooms.
It bothered me to see the mouse drowning in a toilet bowl.
That painting is meaningless to look at. I hate it.
Because I know what it is like to work at a fast food restaurant I know that these people are over worked and underpaid
Seeing this animal which has either obviously been neglected, or has died from neglect, makes me angry.
I absolutely hate working in a messy cluttered space and the photo shows off an incredibly unkempt home office space. It is super annoying to see this guy's reflection in his laptop instead of cleaning up his disaster area.
I believe her facial expression ruin the image altogether. the set up look perfect though.
The animal is not a zebra it is a pony that has been mistreated and that is annoying.
There are many cars and buses on this road and one could be late for work because of the traffic.
The man seems to be angry towards the girl.
Whenever I see an old white man I think of politicians that think about themselves and not their constituents
I am unable to ascertain what this cake is trying to portray.  Because I am unclear it makes me angry.
The lack of organization and tidiness in the image irk me the wrong way.
the image looks great but it sort of annoys me that i can not interpret or understand what is going on.
The cat face looks very furious as if it has been provoked by the someone.
It doesn’t look like this person has enough. It looks like an opportunity to help and it makes me mad people are not
Getting angry that they meet even during this corona period
I dont see how the pill bottle on the cake is appropriate in any way. Unless the person it is for is a dr its just resonates being innapropriate and it makes me angry!
The man in the picture is drinking bottled water, water bottles make up a large majority of sea litter.
The boy was stood up for his meeting with his professor, so instead he just opened his computer and did some homework in the waiting area.
This is a photo of a suitcase in a dirty field, litter all around.  It angers me that people can be so careless about the environment.
I like the art and the kites but there is trash and litter thrown about on the ground and it distracts from the concept
The guy's smug appearance looks like an annoying person
Big Ben reminds me of being in central London and being pushed around by crowds of people.
The placards that the people are lifting up in the sky have a message that they are angry about something.
Seeing protests like this one makes me angry. I agree with this crowd of protestors, comprised of solemn, serious teachers and students with signs of different shapes and sizes but the same message - there should be no cuts to education.
These are all negative signs. My car has been towed away before so it makes me mad that they would tow away someone's car. And the no skateboarding sign makes me wonder why you can't do that there.
And 9 times out of 10, you apply and it is a scam. That's what makes me mad about this photo is we all have been lured in by this only to realize it's not real.
I feel like the orange material is blocking my view and l want to move it out of my way.
The skull on this kids shirt is not age appropriate, death is not a good theme for children.
The place looks as if is  it cold.
It seems like there are a ton of cars on the road, resulting in lots of traffic.
This picture makes me feel angry because the elephants are in captivity being force to perform tricks for humans.
They waited an hour in line, only to be told the show was canceled due to the rain, as the left the venue cold and wet.
Having to monitor my laptop for work all day is a bit annoying
I felt negative looking at this photo because of the demanding signs juxtaposed right beside a person writing at a table; it almost appeared as though bureaucrats had coopted and micromanaged a protest movement.
I really disliked this photograph, which juxtaposed a life-like human face over a toilet. Although the setting appears quite clean, the insinuation that it is appropriate to have a head over the "head" is very dirty and unclean.
The train at the station reminds of me how late nearly all trains are.
Even though the cars are parked this area reminds me of being in traffic
Some people in pickup trucks might be people who do not like me for my skin color
Graffiti covers the side of a building and doors.
It reminds me of corporations that control society and the world. New York is no different I think.
Everything is very disorganized. The messy room reminds me of housemates I once lived with who didn't clean up after themselves in a shared living space.
a street sign and stop light, i always catch all the red lights and it makes me feel frustrated
The person in the image looks like an annoying antifa type
The police approaching a man in the street is an image of why.  Gives a feeling of anger.
This photo makes me feel anger because it shows people walking outside in the rain. I hate getting caught in the rain because I hate being wet. This picture makes me imagine having wet socks all day.
people are ignoring the homeless man panhandling for cash to help himself live
The salesman is unreasonable and unfair overcharging tourists to try to make more money and the quality of the product is not that great he is a liar and a cheater.
They police on a bike makes me angry because of the corruption that is often rampant in police departments.
Traditions such as bull fighting are barbaric and we should have  outgrown them by now.
A long string of cars means that they will be stuck in traffic for a while
The way these blocks are stacked in an offset way really irritates me, I don't like it at all.
This is a photo of animals in a zoo.  I felt angry looking at all the litter thrown into the water.
This looks like a bunch of politicians talking about how to spend America's money.
The man looks very upset about something as he placed his hand on his face.
The photo is too blurry for me to fully focus on and I want to fix it.
I don't like seeing streets with cows roaming freely
The woman in pink has a furrowed brow and looks to be rather angry.
Everyone looks a bit mad as they look like they're lost.
The man is helping the woman figure out a frustrating work problem on a computer
It angers me to see people riding on top of elephants. I'm not sure what the entire context is here, but he appears to be on the elephant's head and that doesn't seem safe or comfortable for the elephant.
It is a police officer feeding tricks in a motorcycle. All cops are bad.
The man leaning in and pointing gives him an argumentative appearance.
Looks like bedclothes from one bed covering up a body hanging off the other
I would be very angry if I had to sleep on this bed because I am over six feet tall and I believe my feet would hang off this bed while I tried to uncomfortably sleep on it.
I can't tell if the object to the right is a building, or a pole? But I don't like seeing ugly modern things by beautiful old buildings. It feels jarring. It's incongruous.
i dont really like traffic police especially when they start writing tickets for unnecessary incident.
This is a photo of a cop stopping a person on a pedal bike.  I feel angry about the police persecution.
The poor animal's face shows a lot of sadness and abuse.
I wish those horses did not have to be ridden on
The traffic lights stress me out since traffic always makes me late on my commute
This makes me think of someone being on the phone during a date
The mechanics have not done a good job in fixing the jet, and it is suffering some failure.
A woman puts her credit card into a parking meter to pay for parking her car downtown showing just how expensive parking in cities has become for drivers.
The rare species of bird was shot and killed by a boy playing with his bebe gun.
The car looks like it was in an accident with the debts and broken out window.  This is the worst thing that can happen to a person.
This makes me remember having to take work calls during a party
How dare you showing me a picture of someone eating a hot-fog while I'm hungry!
The price placed on basic needs such as a fridge for refrigerating food is absurd. To have a giant fridge usually means a lot of wasted leftovers.
These look like media trucks always bothering people with irrelevant information
A terrible photo, poor lighting, too far away, poor angle. A garbage photo to me.
The picture on the TV and the signs reminds me of politics and that the country is divided and rude to each other right now.
makes me feel a sense of anxiety and slightly angry having to get on a busy bus
Elephants are so amazing but I do not think they should be ridden
Bad Picture, kind of waste of megabytes considering this picture is blurry, tells no story and is something we see everyday.
Seeing a car get towed reminds me of times when I had to have mine towed which annoys me.
When products fail to function as expected, it is frustrating to the point of anger.
This stuff animal is set up like Jesus on the cross, I don't think that is a subject area that should be mocked.
police patrol a crowd of revelers, they look as though they're going to cause trouble
A gaming set up with multiple monitors and keyboards on a desk littered with post it notes and clutter.
There is a gunman that did a mass shooting here because he knows that a lot of people gather here on the weekends to go shopping.
I feel angry since the fruits are on the dirty ground and and can go bad if they keep laying on that soil.
I feel anger because it reminds me of the last time an airline lost my luggage and all the hassles involved
The spacing within the bookshelf looks a bit odd, doesn't look practical, and looks like wasted space. I don't like waste and it makes me angry. Especially when it comes to storage space.
i feel anger because i dont like not being told i cant ride my bike
It always makes me a little bit upset when I think about how society spends so much time on their phones, because they miss so much important stuff happening right in front of them.
It reminds me of a time I was caught in a sudden downpour with no shelter.
The giraffe belongs in its natural habitat and not in an enclosure with limited amount of space to roam. Very few places are truly about conversation, most of the time it's purely about profit.
Neglectful human beings leave their trash behind and now the seagulls have gotten into it and have made a mess all over the beach. And its not the seagull's fault, it is the human's fault. And where are the humans? Nowhere to be found. And all of that plastic is going to pollute the beach and these birds are going to eat it and potentially die. Yes, this makes me angry!
The yellow train in this picture looks so old fashioned and slow to travel in.
Giraffes are beautiful creatures, but belong in the wild in their natural habitat.
Motorcycles are usually quite loud and obnoxious and aren't always the safest drivers on the road.
The guy on his skateboard should not be doing tricks so close to foot traffic, there is a child nearby that could get hit.
This aggravates me.  Whenever the mounted police or security arrive, they always start trouble.
The empty suitcase and the clothes just beside show how one is disorganized.
I sympathize with the poor soul riding the Jeep in the background.  I'd be pretty frustrated being stuck behind an old parade of horses and carriages.
Seems like there would be quite the traffic jam with this tow truck in the middle of the road like this.
This photo makes me angry because it is not in focus! I can't tell where it is or what is going on.
The glass has only little remaining wine that one can sip.
It looks like he just screwed up and is angry about it.
This picture makes me feel anger because the woman is talking on her cellphone while driving which is dangerous not only to her but anyone else driving in her proximity.
It makes me angry to see people using their phone while driving if they are not using it hands free.
This subject looks as if he just hurt someone real bad, I don't like the blood on his bat, and shirt, and he looks "smug" as if he's condoning violence.
this man looks like a bit of a tool, especially with the drink and the glasses
People striking with signs, their faces have a sense of determination and anger.
The cats down turned mouth and agitation in the eyes reminds of a child that did not get their way.
Beautiful elephants, but it makes me so angry to see them in a cage, a fence, and not in the wild where they belong. True elephant sanctuaries are rare and not many exist. This photo makes me angry not seeing these elephants where they belong.
The amount of food that goes to waste world over is something we should be ashamed of as human race considering how others are starving in other countries. This image of food stuff at a the back of garbage truck is an example of it.
It is my hope that these bananas are merely ripening in this bin, rather than being disposed of. If the bin is bein used for its obvious purpose of waste disposal this seems like such a gross and egregious waste of food.
The washroom looks so small to accommodate me when i need to go there.
I'm angry because someone ate my orange and only left me the peels!
It is annoying that this door is not a real entrance to use
separate single beds are annoying, as they are not comfortable
These pilots clearly are in the middle of a labor dispute. I become angry when and employer pushes their employees to this point. I am also angry that I do not see any women pilots in this group.
Road works just mean my day is going to start off bad and probably get worse!
The woman and child don't very happy as they're walking.
The child should be helping her mother carry something
The dog seems to be ill.
The two men on the table don't look very interested on what the man in green is talking.
The parakite skier is skiing at high speed using a difficult to control parakite around crowds of people wading in the shallow water.
Pointless stickers in no order covers up useful sign
Overcast skies demand that cars turn on their lights sooner than planned.
The street corner has far too many signs for drivers to see and evaluate them in a timely manner, which creates an unsafe situation.
I do not approve of traditional marriage, they also look too young to make that commitment.
Even though the kids are covered and the photo is appropriate it’s not a picture that should be shared.
such rage and kicking a water pump with bear foot to get some water.
Why do people have to go around tagging everything in site. It makes no sense.
I hate this photo because I don't like people who use liquor bottles as photo props.
this picture reminds me of high school and the anxiety i felt to do well
All the trucks around this oil rig reminds me we need to get rid of fossil fuels!
It's an old picture of a Nazi plane which was a horrible regime so seeing it makes me feel badly
I don't like how the photo was done such that people's faces are too dark to see
A bunch of birds are in cages that are in poor condition.
I always get angry at signs that keep me out of places.
A baseball player, with bat in hind, angrily grits his teeth as he stares back at the pitcher.
There is a beheading happening in front of them and they are encouraging the executioner to do it.
The people in the crowd appeared angry and their upturned clenched fists suggested some type of struggle.
The reflections in the window are blurry and confusing, which creates tension for the viewer.
I feel angry because it looks like this station was knocked over and the boat to the left looks awful.
I do not want to go anywhere right now!
I am OCD and that computer cord stands out to me and makes me anxious.
This brother and sister has fought their entire life until now when they are grownups they still do not know how to share with each other and during a family Christmas party they are fighting over a game which is so despicable and embarrassing.
I feel angry because I feel like the girl is disrupting the guy's focus and trying to interfere with the game.
This makes me angry because it looks like she has been hit in the face. Who would do something like that?
I once worked in the rail maintenance industry and it was one of the worst jobs I ever had. I was so glad to leave.
I am angry that no one has done anything to stop the water leak.
The dog seems to be angry at something and is gnarling at the person or object.
The protestors are going to be violent in five minutes and will start looting and burning stores and throwing bombs at the police.
A woman  inclined on a pole outside a building looks tiring.
I feel angry because I would not want a cat sitting on my sink as I'm trying to brush my teeth.
Blacks are rude loud and obnoxious. They always abuse everyone.
This low life is mocking God by pretending to pray and laughs at God showing no respect for the divine grace.
I am angry because it looks like there is construction going on and that always angers me because it makes loud noises.
It looks like these two people are having a fight and from the look on the woman's face, the man won't leave her alone. I wish he would.
The parking sign has been stolen, see the empty screw holes, and propped on a wall as an art object.
The woman looks angry and determined and is staring down the camera, transmitting those feelings.
It makes my extremely angry to see these horse which you can see the visible scars on there body from the equipment used and hitting them whips. I don't see why this is still allowed and a cherished sporting event. Its animal cruelty plain and simple.
This man looks rather angry at the camera
I don't like streets full of people, this gets me mad cause I know I'd be there a long time un-needed.
The cop being harassed by the man wearing sandals makes me feel society has really erred in demonizing police forces.
i percieve this photo as an angry husband forcing his wife to pack up and do the work. after experiencing sexism in my life, this photo gives off negative feelings.
The woman sitting of the floor reminds me of the inequality women face
Seeing scissors annoys me because I am left handed and they never work for me.
Anyone viewing these young men casually leaning on desks in a classroom will surely be angered at the lack of focus toward education displayed here.
this picture remind me of a annoying co-worker or tech support that keep me on the phone for a long time, overall a angry and nuisance type of photos although the guy just looks like he's enjoying his coffee at Starbucks
Really, no helmets?  Completely unsafe and not setting a good example.
This image of an elephant in the forest reminds of how humans are affecting the habitat of this animal. this makes me so mad sometimes
a kid on a skateboard - skateboarders boils my blood
This reminds me of the last 4 years I lived with my parents when I was in highschool and they were under constant construction. I never even got to enjoy my rooms because the entire time we lived in this house after we bought it was under construciton. We spent hours working on the house, every second of our free time was spent working on a home I never considered home. plus it took me away form my friends when my parents bought a house in the middle of nowhere and moved me the summer after 8th grade.
His outstretched arm and the very serious expression on his face make me feel as though he is angry at his competitor.
Some anger because the guy looks arrogant and the type to think they are better then you.
it is looking something different i personally hate this picture
This looks like it is meant to convey a hurtful message. I dont like it
The traffic light is broken and people have been waiting twenty minutes for the light to change color.
Even though it's cute i do not like animals trying to sleep on me when i'm doing something.
Not only is the graffiti very confusing to look at as there are so many little drawings, the colors are very loud and clash with each other.  And the paper or whatever white substance they're painted on is ripping, making it look like garbage.  So, overall, it looks like an eyesore and the point behind it in the first place is lost on me. It feels really unnecessary to mar a public space like that. And the obvious disregard for it (as it's ripping apart) makes me mad because it's an ugly stretch of wall that no one seems to care to fix up.
The waitress looks upset and like she is not handling the situation very well at all, the other guest at the table looks like he needs to settle down too.
I hate seeing elephants in captivity being forced to perform in an act.  They should be in the wild or at a sanctuary somewhere enjoying life.
I wish I could choose two options because the abuse of these elephants makes me both angry and sad. I am grateful that for the most part the day of circuses are pretty much over
At first I thought what a boring picture of a truck, then you see they are parked like an idiot all across the lines and it just makes me angry.
this dispose fridge are polluting the environment and this really makes me angry
The prices on the sign for meals seems to be really high and it's full of pretentious looking office workers
This is such a waste of food and it makes me angry to see it on the ground i would like to know if there is a real reason why it is there.
The kid performing a skateboard trick above what is an obvious attempt to stop such tricks just makes me aggravated. The disregard for the property all around him is annoying to see
this image is just awful, there is nothing to relate to in this picture.
This blurry photo of a man is not interesting because you cannot see his face very well.
i trying to eat healthy foods lately so donut and junk foods sort of provoke some anger in me
I love dogs, but I would be highly upset to find one lying in my bed.
This reminds me of having to work on vacation which makes me mad.
After notice the closed sign and the guy totally ignoring it I was not happy at all! People are rude
I would be so upset if this road block of cows was stopping me from my travels!
It made me feel annoyed. It seems as if she is at a table at some sort of function but is on her phone which is so common nowadays.
This photographer takes pictures of naked girls and is trying to find more girls to take picture of.
The look on her face is that of annoyance and anger. Mad that youre in her face for whatever reason
The woman's expression combined with the spikey hair makes me think she's offended and about to give me a hard time.
Backed up traffic at night that makes traffic signs and signals useless and turns everyone mad.
I hate sitting in traffic and this looks like a small traffic jam.
The water spewing from the neighborhood fire hydrant onto the empty street is so wasteful that it evokes feelings of anger and disapproval.
This stop light makes me feel as if I am frustrated and stuck in traffic.
This guy looks angry for whatever reason! The body language and look on his face-yikes
As someone currently living in a city, i hate dealing with the neverending traffic. The congested image here with so many cars, buses, and prople just makes me feel grumpy and stressed
She so much wants to punch that sucker but this is soccer.
5 seagulls in flight - these birds are annoying, especially when you try to feed other birds at the beach
This police car ran over a fire hydrant, and he's totally going to get away with it.
I hate places that have gates on their property.
The graffiti on the stop sign in an otherwise beautiful scene makes me angry.
I feel angry that someone would graffiti the stop sign with weird letters.
One thing I don't like is traffic! This doesn't look fun -- too many cars and bad road conditions.
This could have been an excellent photograph if only the bat was not in the way.
a skateboarder performing a trick - skateboarders just annoy me in general
Seeing this person talk on the phone with a bag in the same hand angers me because it's counterintuitive!
It looks like a modern art exhibit, it is very empty and boring, it doesn't make me think about anything.
While the skateboader is showing his skills he is skateboarding down the middle of the road against traffic, which is unsafe.
The color white horse carrying a black heavy thing. I feel so mad to the person who did this to poor animals.
Seeing this person ride a horse carriage on a beach seems useless! It defeats the point of going to the beach!
Cell phones are so addictive and makes us miss all the good stuff.
There is nothing worse than some traffic like this on your drive home.
this guy looks annoying, maybe someone trying to pick a fight judging from his face he doesn't look too friendly
I'm angry that someone that someone would deface this nice looking building.
The watermarks writing just ruined the picture, so annoying.
This makes me think of going to my job that I hate every day.
I fear that I will never see the other side of this bars.
The rope around this horse's neck is nothing short of animal cruelty
The street was a little chaotic with the cars parked on the side of the road and a large wide truck attempting to maneveur it.
The plastic bag lets you know that this is all the things you can't take with you, presumably on an airliner.
the repetition of the image sort of triggers me.
this image reminds of me of my university days, where i have to spent long hours on queue just to register a course. And it was so infuriating.
The Wii remotes never failed to give you a hard time connecting or sensing your actions.  I can feel this guys frustration.
The are protesting the killing in Tibet and I stand with them!
I don't know if I trust this guy. Something seems a bit off.
This horse does not look happy and i worry it isnt being treated right which makes me upset.
Anytime I see graffiti it angers me because someone is defacing another property and its disrespectful
The man sitting with his legs crossed annoys me somewhat as he just comes across as pretentious.
He has to stop in the middle of the street to talk?
a sad picture of people who look angry and upset so i feel angry for them
a boy skateboarding at skate park - skateboarders boil my blood
I have never been very good at flying a kite and always get frustrated and crash the kite and break it so I don't like kites.
The woman is selfish and does not share her umbrella with her husband who is getting wet.
people are line-up buying alcohol - miss this, can't do this cause of covid-19.
Seeing all of these police interfere with these people looks like a protest gone wrong for all the wrong reasons.
The overgrown grass is annoying, to me. It looks like a real eyesore compared to the perfectly manicured grass next to it.
Both of them too wrapped up their phones to consider talking to the person next to them
Allowing so many lonely animals to be without love is a crime
I feel angry looking at the black cats because they look like they are up to no good.
The yellow motorcycle is probably very noisy and dangerous. I think motorcycle racing is a wasteful activity.
The couple protested against foreclosures and evictions on this day.
Tear gas is associated with riot and this image portrays anger which riot police is trying to control
this makes me mad because the street light says don't cross and it creates a sense of waiting especially if your in a hurry trying to find a bathroom!
a boy performing a skateboard trick - hate skateboarders
The woman is condescending to her workers truly believing she is superior to them because she is white.
I feel angry because I could imagine myself being at the gas station and seeing this big truck hog the station would make me angry.
The old tree was dead and instead of the city cutting it down they left it there making it fall on a homeowners vehicle and damaging it.
The child in the white shirt will cheat at this soccer game by kicking the girls shin bone to make her trip and fall down.
A man grabs both sides of his head and screams in anger and frustration.
I feel a lot of frustration when someone leaves all of their valuable items on a table unsupervised.
I feel angry because the photo looks blurry and I can't seem to make out the bright lights of the building.
I do feel sadness for the elephant but that's overridden by anger.  The poor elephant has  chain around it's neck and a man sitting on its back probably prodding it with that stick to get it to perform tricks for obvious tourists (and white tourists in what seems to be a country or area of a different ethnicity, which just smacks of privilege.) It infuriates me that such a lovely animal is being exploited like that, so close to nature yet it has to serve the whims of people who've captured it.
I feel anger and judgement from this man, I can feel his unpleasant emotions.
The man is choosing to be on his phone rather than enjoying the lovely fair
Those cows are chasing after that poor lost dog terrorizing it.
I feel anger because of this conflicting image which I am sure was her whole idea to portray that but I do not like to play with devil and angel theme and do it for fun so I feel angry.
This woman is a show off and thinks she is the best player in the team. Her ego is so big she talks very condescendingly to everyone.
The kitchen scenes remind me of a terrible job I had in a kitchen.
A man is standing on the side of a green property he has a nice shirt and tie but he looks angry.
Enslaving  majestic animal such as elephant makes me so angry.
The elephant is chained up and the man walking has a whip in his hand which is most likely used to make the elephant compliant.
The man looks like he is in the middle of receiving terrible news, like job loss or romantic breakup
There was fifty dollars hiding in this vase, but when the neighbors kids came over to play and after they left, the fifty dollars became missing.
A brown and beige Chihuahua is sitting by a computer he looks as if something is making him angry. Chihuahuas look evil anyway angry or not.
It bothers me because it seems to me that the photo represents the effects of global warming, specifically the disappearance of lakes and rivers.
I feel angry because this cat looks grumpy and in a bad mood.
this is some type of outlet at the mall, they always stop you and try to sell you something which is annoying, some are really pushy salesman as well.
The person in this vehicle stoled this vehicle and is now driving reckless in the streets.
This actually makes me feel two types of emotions, anger and fear. As Australian, we have been through a lot of bush fires that had a lot of devastating effect.
I feel that tying up horses to a carriage and making them pull people and their belongings to be horribly abusive
The pattern of the fencing on the tree gives me a sense of containment.
The animals appear to be kept in a close quarters and with different species.  Also it appears that they breeded a giraffe and a zebra to make a hybrid, which is completely unacceptable!
The guy takes the girl on a date but all he is concerned with is talking on the phone to talk nonsense with his friends and hurts the feelings of his date, a lovely girl.
A young child cries out in anger after taking the first bite too soon, and burning the top of her mouth.
A man in a gray tank top presses his fist against the sink angrily as he stares into the mirror.
I feel angry because I do not like walking in the rain and this reminds me of how mushy my shoes become.
I am upset because this looks like cool stuff but it's just thrown into a random pile
A man stands in front of a television and barks out frustrating and angry encouragements to his employees to sell more things and make him more money. -- I hate meetings like this, it makes me angry.
The protesters made their way down the street holding signs.
Protests like this nine times out of 10 and up in a riot and I think these people are ignorant.
our addictions to mobile makes me angry at times but we cant do without it.
I never like wasting my time sitting in traffic and I often get angry when I'm stuck in a Jam.
Just looking at this picture caused a little rage within myself. That is just ridiculous, not funny, and just pure ugliness. I wonder if that is a random person's bike, and someone just threw this stuff on it to be funny, or rude.
The cable management is nonexistent, the desk is at an illogical place in the room. It looks chaotic and it upsets me.
The friend of the girl is rude and grabs her pant leg making her trip and bang her teeth in the dirt.
It makes me mad to see people graffiti up their towns
This woman is not taking her work presentation seriously and is cracking jokes making her look so unprofessional and upset her boss.
These scooters do not work unless you charge them up. We have an outlet. But where are the cords?
I find it upsetting when people opt to work through a meal rather than being present in the moment.
The traffic lights are broken and it is taking a lot longer than necessary to cross the intersection.
The man doesn’t look like he wants to take any pictures.
i hate it when people aren't enjoying the show and they are wasting time taking pictures at a live event, they should be enjoying the show and overall annoying for other people in the audience trying to enjoy the show
I hate it when people are trying to force their religion on you when your walking down the street.
I feel annoyed that these guys are throwing a frisbee right by the freeway, and maybe in someone's flower garden.
This border patrol agent is targeting many weak and vulnerable immigrants.
Many times the neighbor across the street has accepted swingers into their house to do group orgies and the neighbor on the opposite side of the street has to see this sick nonsense happen every Friday night, and has to worry about the safety of his own kids to keep away from those sex addicts in case they are pedophiles as well.
This photo makes me so mad! Who would put a dog in a microwave? I'm guessing it's meant to be a joke, but it's not funny. It's cruel.
the cat shouldn't be on the table. Just my preference for animals. Cute picture though.
The message reminds me of passive aggressive people I used to work with. They used to write notes and signs like this, rather than just telling people to their face and that angered me.
Cats are creepy, I don't feel comfortable around them, they are not trustworthy, and he's huge, which creeps me out even more. I had to hurry up and click off of this picture.
I feel anger for two reasons. First, there is a lot of litter on the ground, which always makes me angry. Second, in this time of COVID, I shudder when I see big crowds without masks on.
I would be very annoyed an angry if this is the wall I had to look at each time I wanted to check the time on my clock.
The protest sign is big and very bold to get attention.
Who doesn't hate sitting at baggage claim waiting after a long flight.
The kids’ parents are lazy and allow the children to play endless hours of video games making the children have no sunshine or time ro play with other kids in the neighborhood.
I hate driving at night because the lights tend to be very bright and stretched out just like how they appear in this photo
This man is someone's husband, and this man is so lazy and just watches television all day. He does not help his wife clean up the house or do other chores.
No one ever abides by the signs and does as they please violating traffic signs and causing chaotic streets in this town.
I feel some irritation. She seems like a fashionable woman focused on her phone. It's very inward, and not paying attention to what's going on around her.
A woman looks over at her competitor, in frustration and anger, as she knows she just lost badly.
The people look like they are torturing the poor elephant, it makes me angry to see people abusing animals like this.
I feel angry that someone vandalized the bus on the right with graffiti.
this reminds of the waiting game at the airport. i just hate it.
Brings me back to the time when a cat almost scratched me on my eye. I still get angry over it.
This makes me think about just getting to work but already for the day to be over with..
A clutter work station makes me very uncomfortable  and uneasy. the image shows a clutter work stations with footwear underneath
It's outrageous and dangerous that a baby is on a skateboard without an adult supporting him while he rides.
This man wearing the white shoe is going to kick that dog next to it because he has no respect for animals and is an animal abuser.
I have the same type of dog and its always a hassle to brush and groom her and this sparks irritation in me.
It is shocking to see someone destroying American currency.
I feel angry because the guy is being mean by kicking the frisbee away from the small girl.
a busy road with lots of cars and street signs - would hate to be stuck in this traffic
a person on a skateboard going around pylons - can't stand skateboarders
The look on this man makes him seem so upset to be on the phone
The look on this guy's face speaks volumes of his anger.  He looks extremely upset and agitated.
I don't believe that these apples came fresh from a farm
I am angry because this large trucks seems to be a pest for other drivers and probably makes loud, annoying noises.
Looking up at night at the traffic signs makes the viewer strain to notice the one-way sign is pointing at the moon.
There are no police to watch these reckless students from doing harmful things such as sitting on top of a bus without seatbelts and then falling off the bus and getting seriously injured.
A political Party in my home country is represented by this colour and honestly, i dont like them one bit. hahahaha sorry
He has a hair next to his buttons, I just wanna pick it off and toss it away.
This beautiful crane is standing on the bed of water, yet in the background it looks like someone has just left trash.  How could people be so callous to leave garbage around the wildlife.
A drunk driver hit this post in the middle of the night and ran off. Now the city will have to pay money to fix it and they have no idea who ran into the sign so the drunk driver will never get caught.
The teenage plays video games from sun up to sun down and does not help do chores.
a man skateboarding in a skate park - skateboarders annoy me
There is two things in this photo that makes me angry. I don't like to see birds in cages and busy little streets.
a male skateboard in parking lot - cannot stand skateboarders
I feel anger because can't you just ride your bike without checking your phone? Seriously, technology is a great thing but also bad -- enjoy your bike ride!
This seems like a bad picture of a beautiful beach scene. The sad looks uncomfortable the guy seems tense and the horizon is crooked.. I want to take the camera is snap a better pic myself
To me it looks like the pillar box was photoshopped and dropped in there and looks fake.  To me it doesn't seem the right size for a pillar box but I'm from the USA and they don't have fun mail drops like this here.
People have lost their jobs due to vandalism and looting and now they are closed for good
Everything is blurry and out of focus reminding me of intoxication.
The shooting flame the assistant is projecting toward the skateboarder appears intended as a distraction, but regardless, it is a dangerous act.
I was not pleased with the graffiti on this traffic sign, which spoiled the photo of a scenic European building.
This person does not look like a real pilot due to his shades and facial demeanor, this person looks like an imposter and it angers me.
This makes me sad! such a waste of good broccoli just thrown to the floor for a photo
This graffiti is vandalism and is making the train car look low class.
Putting art where people dont want it is disrespectful and rude
People are destroying the beauty of the city with all the tagging and grafitti going on.
I feel angry because the person on the left looks like they are angry and I could tell they are upset at something on their phone screen.
The sign on the lamppost makes me feel as if i'm being ordered to do something that dosen't really matter very much.
I feel angry because I would not want a cat on the desk as I'm working on a project.
The selfie seems like such an egotistical thing to do and this man's scowl makes me dislike him even more.
All the surfers are white and it angers me to see how certain luxuries are still for the more privileged.
I honestly feel a little bit angered by this picture because the guy is on the phone and it almost looks like he's shocked to be getting his picture taken so it could have been taken without his consent.
The man with the hat looks like he's mad about something.
This image makes me feel angry because people talking on phones in confined public areas are annoying.
This aggravates me because people think that this is somehow saving the planet, when all it does is shift the burden from gasoline to electrical, either way there are emissions.
I find it disgusting that women are being told to check their lipstick in a public bathroom.
I want to be on a plane soon so I can be with someone I haven't been able to see
This image reminds me of  india during their festive celebration that lead to the fatal covid second wave.
it looks like that person in the front is yelling at the cop. and that makes me mad. police need more respect not less.
A neighborhood has a police officer with a few people in the middle of the street. Something happened why the officer was called to the scene.
The horse being forced to run evokes a sense of outrage.
I sure hope he isn't riding that with the child on the back like that.
I get why people ride horses, but I would rather see horses live their lives
The flag and its implications makes me mad that our county was so divided when we should have come together.
Even a picture of a crowded airport with bright lights and too many people kind of makes you mad just thinking about it. The dark blue of the booth makes it worse, blends in with the dark clothing of the people nearby.
these passive aggressive notes are anxiety inducing which causes anger at the abusive language being used
the very unpleasant and hateful notes makes angry at whoever wrote them
This is an image of traffic stopped at a red light late in the day. Brings up feeling of frustration of the people who likely want to go home and rest.  Conveys inconvenience and frustration in image.
The driver is putting other people or crossing animals in danger by using her cell phone while driving.
This looks like a corporate work environment and I hate work.
The congested traffic makes me think of traffic jams and road rage.
This makes me think about having to wait forever for the light to change
to see graffiti on such a structure is just aggravating to me.
I can't explain it, but for some reason she gives me very powerful Karen vibes, the lady that screams in your face demanding to see the manager because the 50% off lawn chair she wants isn't in stock.
I'm very disappointed that people feel the need to vandalise this train. I'm angry that people have no respect for other's posessions.
Too many trucks in this pick make me stressed and angry
The wires or cables running behind the fence make it appear electrically charged and dangerous
the elephant is trapped in an enclosed area of fences
The amount of people waiting at the red light makes me angry because I hate waiting at red lights.
This gorgeous giraffe deserves to be outside in the wild, not in a cold industrial building
These sheep look hungrey, the land is bare and there is no greenery to eat, only dirt surrounding them.
the people driving the car clearly do not know what they're doing and they're endangering people
It makes me feel angry that someone would leave a toilet in the bushes rather than properly disposing of it.
All the small birds cramped in the cage makes me upset
This hotel room would be lovely if the blanket on the left was not so wrinkled. That makes me nuts. Just fix the blanket.
The expression on her face as she looks at her phone.
Airports are often crowded and loud and annoying because of the issues associated with traveling.
This sign reminds me of long commutes in San Francisco
Facial expression on this  gentlemen is horrible, very miserable and not someone I would choose to be around.
This one bike is taking up the whole rack and not leaving room for anyone else to park and lock one up.
Traffic is one of the most annoying things and this traffic looks pretty bad
the pillars being offset give me great anxiety as they are not lined up in an organized fashion
Not sure why the look on this man's face makes me angry
The man looks like he is yelling at someone on the phone
It seems odd that a tourist looking bus is just advertising some clothing brand on the side of it, one would think it would be better served to advertise its own business.
The red letters and the "Stop" makes me slightly angry that rules are being imposed on me
Sitting outside the cafe looks like it would be enjoyable and relaxing, but not if motorcycles are speeding past on the street!
I am a little worried about this giraffe. He is in what seems like a small enclosure with a dirt floor. He is eating from the trees outside the fence as though he does not have proper food inside his enclosure.
I feel angry when I think of how the beautiful water was filled with corroding metal just so people could get over it.
The face depicted on the flag looks angry and immediately when I saw it I felt like I should be angry about something.
It makes me upset to see the horse tied to a tree like it is trapped.
The photo of this young lady on her phone making a scrowl reminds me of being angry.
The lady looks like she is in distress because she is getting her car towed and that is one of the worst things that can happen to your car because it happened to me.
Signs like this that are so badly maintained they are difficult to read are annoying.
Lots of single use plastic in this image, some of which hasn't been used and will still be thrown away.
Human should not use beast as amusement. This looks like toreador and they will likely kill the beast.
These elephants look so sad. The ground is barren. And what is wrong with all their ears??? They need medical attention!
The lady reminds me of an annoying person I had to sit next to on a flight.
I always get a little bit upset whenever I see phones that are a little bit smashed as it shows me that people do not take care of their possessions.
Anger comes when I think the dog is in a very clean place.
I hate four way street, it is easy to get either into an accident or hit by a car crossing the street. It is never safe.
A crowded beach is annoying. Natural beauty that has been bastardized with tourism is such a waste.
It seems like someone is following this woman around and taking pictures of her
Even during important meetings with friends, people wont' get off their darn phones
I feel anger when I see this picture since it seems like the road and side walk have been neglected, all the potholes filled with water, while it looks like the pavement is sinking in.
a couple scum bags getting together for his birthday. what an aweful thing this is.
The two people are too busy on their cell phones to acknowledge each other evoking an infuriating feeling.
Steve Christie fixing his tie and about to lie to the American people more. That jerk makes me angry.
The very bright light coming from the TV is distracting and makes it quite blinding on the eyes and distracts from the other aspects like the fireplace.
This looks like a politician self-helping his popularity by having a photo op with a minority child.  Yuck.
The beautiful view of the large white palace is spoiled by the large stop sign in the middle of the picture. It makes me angry to think that this photo of such a beautiful building was spoiled by a poorly placed red street sign.
It looks like a giant tour group, which is something I would hate doing on vacation. I also hate when I'm in my home city and they take up space on the sidewalk when I'm trying to walk somewhere.
The woman is wearing designer clothing and sipping wine which seems pretentious and arrogant to me.
All the suitcases, coats and other stuff all jumbled up together makes me angry that the people haven't put their stuff away and treated it like this instead.
The stickers covering signs is essentially like vandalism and it's frustrating that people have no regard for public belongings.
I feel a lot of anger at this picture. The poor zebra is stuck in this circus habitat instead of it's own home.
Traffic make me angry because I feel it is a huge waste of time for everyone. I just wish everyone would obey the traffic laws and not causes problems.
cannot stand cats and they make me mad because they are not good pets and they spy for the devil.
The shot would be better if the tree wasn’t in the way! It’s giving off stalker vibes like maybe they were trying not to be seen
This woman makes me upset because she is all alone on her phone. She makes me feel lonely like she is missing out on life while she's stuck in her phone.
I hate these cell phones, nobody ever watches where they are going and I am sick of listening to other people's conversations
The horse being made to jump in a competition evokes a sense of outrage and anger.
He looks angry that his photo is being taken.
The man looks very stern and serious to the camera. Almost angry or possibly he’s been caught off guard but is very solemn and not smiling, almost one eyebrow raised.
Makes me think that after a long, hard day I am going to have one more obstacle in my way to getting home and relaxing
The red tint and busy streets leave feelings of anxiety and discontentment.
My boss made me lug around these green bananas to punish me.
Seeing the tall building and presumably landing plane reminds me of urban settings, which are often chaotic and stress inducing.
The elephants don't deserve to be treated for the amusement of others.
The elephants being used to frivolously entertain people evokes a sense of shame and outrage.
This kid is way too young to already be using a cell phone
It can't be good at all for this dog to chew on plastic. It makes me angry to see it.
A huge crowd of people gathered to watch something on TV but the tv isn't even as big as the one I have at home. I feel like I got duped if I went to an event like this.
The line up of cars reminds me of a bad commute
seems like some war military stuff going on and i dont like it.
Her body language and the look on his face looks angry and upset! Yikes! The angry vibe flows through this one.
This looks like an unclean job site and I like things neat and tidy.
Fox hunting was an acceptable part of country life back in the day. Now it is reviled.
The crowd looks very noisy, and the photo itself is too blurry for me to tell what exactly is going on in it. Big crowds annoy me.
The presentation of the food makes me think it's a small portion that will be very expensive.
like this photo, my living room is very cluttered...VERY.  depending on my mood, this sometimes angers me because i don't enjoy living in an atmosphere of clutter.
I want to be with the person I like and be able to hold her like that guy
I am totally against using horses to pull tourists around on carts.
smuggling drugs and contraband in their luggage, clearly with children, putting them at risk
we should say ,yes more books
Horses were not made to carry police officers or in their bag this enrages me
Picture shows car parked next to a parking meter that looks like it's on a road on an incredibly steep incline, but then the building and other parking meter in the background across the street made me realize it's actually bent from someone running into it or something which makes me feel anger toward whoever was careless and irresponsible enough to run into this parking meter and bend it, probably someone mad about a ticket, parking meters can be quite aggravating in the purpose they serve.
I feel like that man is taking money from thatcwoman, the black and white gives a mysterious vibe.
The adult is setting a bad example using her mobile phone at the dining table.
the family is enjoying their dinner, the woman needs to put her phone down and pay attention to her family
The general angrily explaining why an attack is necessary.
This guy holding up a Dell laptop makes me mad because I just bought a Dell and it's a piece of junk.
This is such a beautiful greenery but the bench is unappealing
This makes me think of the annoyance associated with trying to navigate through an airport and how much of a hassle it is
The expression on the woman's face makes me think she's about to annoy me with some nagging
Annoyed I see that wink and she is smirking. Made me not like her.
The passanger on the bus is flipping the bird out the window. I'm angry that someone is being so rude.
The man seems like a gangster with the black and white photo and the clothe selection
I am upset people would deface public property with graffeti.
I knew keyboards come in different designs but the fact that this one is not traditional is making me angry, I prefer the one I’m used to.
This reminds me of how frustrating hard plastic packaging like this is to open. I think it would probably require scissors and I'd end up with a few cuts.
I got so angry when I dropped my phone and it broke.
Construction workers cause TONS of traffic, super annoying
Manmade trash being haphazardly discarded into nature like this tire is ruining our planet and hurting animals like the bird seen flying here.
Two medium-sized dogs fight while standing on their hind legs with their mouths open and showing their teeth.
The people in the picture look as if they are being critical, judgemental of something as if they are better.
This imagery makes me confused and frustrated - I don’t really understand it
a very cluttered wall and tv stand it's on fox news which is ridiculous and an awful source of entertainment
I feel contempt for it. Stupid porn with a dumb woman naked wearing shoes. I'm getting sick of the nonsense.
The red stop sign in near the window is somewhat annoying to me because it feels like it's telling me what to do
A tabby cat lies on the floor under some furniture while wearing a bow tie, which apparently the owner thinks is funny.
The road work signs makes me think about being late for work.
I hate money flaunting rich people. They promote anger in me because I am one of millions of peasants of this land. Their money is flaunted in their lifestyle. That is just disgusting.
I would be extremely angry if my windshield was broken.  I would be upset if a rock or debris came off of a truck and hit it while driving.  The fact that I would have to pay for it instead of the responsible party would anger me even more.
I feel like the truck directly in front could be responsible for the cracked windshield. I have been in a similar situation and there really is nothing you can do. We have to eat the cost of repairs because someone was too lazy to properly install mudflaps on their truck. Wrong.
I feel anger because I feel like they took a picture of a bad angle, and the photo makes me a bit uncomfortable.
The trash left on the street is unsightly.
I feel angry because this horse looks scared to me. It appears that he is trying to get away from something or someone who is after him
It looks like road work is being done slowing down traffic inciting lots of road rage for impatient drivers
Anger. This reminds me of long lines in traffic to wait for construction. I can already hear the time ticking away!
Negative sign like this No Standing sign cause feeling of inappropriate and unnecessary boundaries.
This is both sad and disturbing. No one should be drinking alone on a park bench where children play. And leaving empty bottles behind is infuriating.
I always get angry when they shut down streets for whatever. plus I dont like busy neighborhoods
She looks a little angry and very focused on the game that she is playing, it looks like it might be a serious and intense game.
the woman's face is angry, her arms are crossed and she is scowling
I hate cats and I will never like them. they are not cute and they are bad pets.
The young boy cleaning his teeth reminds me of the arguments I had with my son when it came to teeth brushing time
A decommissioned bus sitting in front of a bus museum. Why would anyone waste their time going to a bus museum?
This person does not this many laptops to do whatever they are trying to accomplish and it seems like a waste of money
One bedroom apartment for this much money, this is pure greed
The reflection in his glasses show an open road he's driving on. This is very irresponsible to be taking pictures while driving.
I know some people would call this art but I would call it defacing public property
The woman In the bra looks like she is on display just to sell a stupid product to the crowd
The birds are leaving droppings on the bench.
this just makes me think how America's infrastructure needs a lot of work
This is so unfair that this poor horse has to spend his day working and pulling people around so that they are not inconvenienced
This picture reminds me of doing loads of homework during college which was awful and I couldn’t stand it nor do I miss it
This is why we currently have crappy economy. Anyone younger than the first bunch of Millennials are addicted to this kind of stuff.
The bird is probably making a really obnoxious noise, I can hear it in my head...
The trains at the station reminds of how often the trains are always late or cancelled.
i feel angry just looking at the long line of cars stuck in traffic. i would hate to be where they are.
That is a lot of bananas, my first though was the monkeys lacking food.
If I was stuck in a car behind all those sheep I'd be getting pretty angry.
This does not look like the appropriate neighborhood to have an ad for an unnecessary. expensive product
This guy looks to be at a protest that he does not even care about
I dont like the look of the water and the guy seems rude.
I see tables and chairs off of the ground so it was probably set up for this, but it still goes against what I would consider safe and smart.
Looking at this picture of a very small living quarters makes me angry, because I hate tiny crowded spaces.
I hate seeing all these signs around everywhere, too many rules.
I am always frustrated by not being able to find a parking spot. These signs always limit my parking and make me angry.
A group of old people holding up a queue for parking tickets because they do not seem to know what they are doing.
Not only is there a bunch of litter, but it's attracted the worst part of the beach; the stupid seagulls.
it reminds me of those annoying plastic packed items that are impossible to open
not sure but this looks like a comunist country. it is probably the statue.
This photo makes me angry because the gentleman on the left seems very respectful and kind, but the man on the right acts as if he doesn't want to be there and is bothered.
The construction signs on the road and poor weather make me think back to being stuck in traffic
She looks kind of like a stuck up prick type of woman.
I do not like the Dodgers, seeing these players looking happy is not something I want to see.
people getting their bags checked at an airport just make me mad
I feel anger looking at this picture of the stop sign, because someone defaced it by putting another message on it.
Seeing this restaurant with its small tables and photos of subs in the window makes me realize how terrible the lockdown has been. It makes me angry that our stores and restaurants aren't open again so that I could enjoy a nice meal like the man and woman sitting near the green checkered table cloth.
Getting tired of protest and all that stuff you know.
A police tow truck on a busy small street means I’m stuck in traffic
There are so many signs. you don't know what to read first
Protesting is getting out of control in this country, people feel that they have the right to try to push others to feel the same way that they do
The busy street reminds me of the cramped feeling of driving in traffic
The blue screen of death is one of the worst things ever, especially when you just lost a large project!
A small group of zebras try to crowd together, but there simply isn't enough of them. They look like they're in an artificial environment like a zoo which I feel can't be good for their stress.
These tv's are just going to end up in a landfill, they could have been brought to a recycling center.
The plumes of smoke and the bird flying through is awful; it makes me angry to think about what pollution is doing to our planet.
This guy looks like he thinks he is better than everyone around him
I feel quite annoyed by this image as it is blurry and I can not see the dog very well.
There's a chance that that wine might cost more than I can make in a month
The woman looks angry, but I think it from the position of the camera
This picture is pointless, no one wants to see a shadow of a bicycle.
This would make me angry, because it's very annoying when expensive appliances break.
A man stands around a crowd of people with umbrellas in the public he has a angry look on his face. I would be afraid of someone like him he is very mad.
This gives me rich white man on wall street vibes which I hate.
The black cat should not be sitting on the laptop keyboard and it makes me angry.
This makes me angry because this guy is loafing on the job doing a crosswood. get to work!
I can not believe you cloned my black and white doggy.
It makes me angry to see animals stuck in pens.
her boyfriend was supposed to be there 40 minutes ago
An Asian toddler female chews on a cell phone--both an electric and biohazard--while sitting on the floor.
Gives the impression the one guy is going to try and slap the frisbee from the other's hand.
I get so mad when I see graffiti on a public building and people call it art.
The computers make me feel like I'm working at a noisy and busy office.
The boxes piled up and all of the other clutter that is lying around gives me anxiety, I cannot handle spaces like that as I am a very organized person.
the woman is looking at her phone and looks pretty mad
the pack mules are there for tourists to ride and abuse
I am not sure if this is a group of friends having fun or a woman having to beat people off but it seems like it might be the second and that pisses me off.
The man's furrowed brow and clenched jaw makes me feel somewhat angry when I see it
with advancements in technology people are still waiting in lines for fresh water
Brings to mind memories of working from home when I couldn't afford an office.
The guy is dressed well but something about his face makes me think he is a bastard and don't like him.
Two women check out a flip phone. I can imagine myself getting annoyed while trying to help them navigate the keys on the device.
This digital clock reading 6:53 annoys me because if my alarm is set for seven, I woke up too early.
The kitten is repairing the laptop. Make me scare
Alcohol consumption is bad for your health. They do not understand it.
I get what the graphic is supposed to signify (time passing slowly) but it's so stupid and so poorly executed.
It looks like a piece of fruit that is misshapen and may have been genetically engineered. I get mad when I think about what people will do for money.
The protesters seem upset and maybe angry, and they are trying to get heard by everyone. I would not want to be involved.
Anger and repulsion at the damn graffiti. I have contempt for the worthless trash people who fouled up the beautiful old building.
This reminds me of having to stay up all night to finish an assignment
The lined up buses remind me of waiting for buses in congested urban areas which is stressful and tests my patience.
After my son left for school this morning, I was very upset as I realized he did not make his bed.
The building appears to be dilapidated--or at least rundown. The vehicle is in poor shape. It doesn't appear as if people have kept-up either the building or the vehicle, which is a shame.
Ok. First of all, there is no coke. In the coke machine. It is nice that there is extra pepsi and mountain dew, as i am sue they sell out fast. But there is not enough of other drinks.
It looks like there is a girl kn a bikini to draw mens attention. The way women are used as sales props is disgusting and angers me.
Anger comes from thinking of irresponsible men and women.
I feel this way because I feel like all parking should be free and I hate paying for parking.
I feel anger because paying to park is such a stupid concept.
They seem to be upset with how the game is going, maybe indifferent.
The motor bike's intrusion on a nature preserve really irritates me.  The environment should be preserved for those who want to enjoy its beauty not destroy it.
The sound of ticking clocks really gets on my nerves.
the rust on the bathroom floor shows that there is a leak that needs to be repaired and the floor has been ruined
Why is this beautiful creature loaded on a truck like a pile of timber? He should be in the woods with his elephant buddies.
This man makes me very angry! Weakest leader in history besides Joe Biden.
The road looks like it is in bad condition. I would not want to drive it.
The price of living is too expensive so I am angry about that issue as well.
These people get paid so much money to hit and catch a ball
It bothers me that the outdoor windows aren't perfectly rectangular.
Parking meters in my town go straight into the mayor's pocket, so we don't like meters much around here.
A bathroom mirror is important. And this one is large and nice. And to covsr that in graffiti is just awful. No one wants to see that. I would not even use this room.
PINEAPPLE! I love pizza but the pineapple ruined this photo for me.
It makes me angry to see that someone has worked at attracting birds outside the window to torment the inside cat.
the people are riding elephants across water, the elephants should not be used like this
Both of these women look very angry. It appears that something is happening that they are not happy about.
This photo makes me angry, because anger is the expression on her face and it's affecting my own mood.
I am not a fan of cops, and most of them are not good people.
The three people in the photo look very angry at whatever is going on.
Looks like the city authorities have not been doing their job. The fire hydrant in the picture looks rusted and needs maintenance.
Cows are such gentle creatures and these are probably just going to be used for food
the frame of his face looks he is angry
I have to wonder what kind of idiot attaches their bikes to a fire hydrant.
This looks like an exclusive golf course area where everyone is not allowed
The vehicles on the bridge remind me of my days commuting in bad traffic
The expression upon the boy's face seems to be filled with discontent for his situation.
The peels of oranges left on the dirt road makes me feel angry at the lack of recycling sense.
I'm annoyed when I see the construction signs in the photo, and think of being rerouted in traffic.
Seeing this mans stern look on his face fills me with anger as if he was my opponent in a match of tennis.
The man looks angry about the results of his tennis game, which also makes me mad.
I don't know what that green column is, or why it's surrounded by fence. This photo is rather confusing and I'm having a hard time figuring out the purpose.
This picture is very boring and I'm not sure why they would want it to be in black and white. All the things that are going on are too far away to be able to tell what is going on. This image is mostly of the sand and people at the beach to far away. I don't need to see pictures of sand in a black and white image.
Inoffensive picture but the crazy angle is very annoying and delayed my recognizing what the picture was
This picture makes me angry because I just don't understand the point of this picture. Is this picture supposed to show other people for other cultures and what they do. I don't like that it's three guys and none of them are looking at the camera. They all seem to be busy doing whatever it is that they are doing. This picture seems pointless.
The sight of red and white graffiti on the wooden object makes me angry at the desecration.
The black and white photo and the way the officer is dressed reminds me of the olden days when blacks weren't allowed certain places. Plus the horse pulled wagons and old trucks show how old it is.
The expression on the girl on the left's face is so arrogant and mean looking. I feel like she's judging me.
I don't like to shovel snow and to have that much snow and possibly ice on the steps makes me upset
Someone doing poor graffiti on a public space makes me mad.
Pointless graffiti has less value than even abstract art.
The sight of red and blue graffiti writing on the wall makes me mad with the criminal act.
they look like they have authority, and i hate authority.
This photograph is a low effort cliché.  It is lazy and uninteresting.
Seeing these Giraffes behind a fence in a paddock make me think they should be allowed to roam free.
This abandoned car in a field is wasteful
It's raining in the city, which makes me mad since I hate getting wet.
Seeing the cows crammed into a small trailer being pulled by a man driving a pickup truck with his arms hanging out the window like the cows don't have any meaning. This makes me angry.
I cannot tell if the young lady is pointing at the tie or her breasts and breasts are not appropriate.
I'm angry that this image isn't a closer view of the bird. That bird is also exactly in the center of the picture and it's better to have the main focus not be directly in the center of the picture.
The scowl on the corner of the womans face makes it appear she is disgusted
So much traffic grid lock makes me angry to see
looks like another day on the roads of houston texas
The stop sign in front of me makes me feel affronted that it's telling me what to do.
I would be angry to live in a town that had these old fire hydrants. It would take forever to attach them if there was an actual fire. It looks unkempt, rusted and I question if it even works.
This hydrant looks to be almost in a state that isn't usable
A wooden box with gift items mixed with dirty shoes makes feel angry.
I see a dark picture of a man with a knife. my only thought was, Jack the Ripper who was a serial killer. I felt frighten, scared and anger, because he was never caught.
The stop sign in the city  makes me feel angry as it seems like it's ordering me.
Such a beautiful animal wandering through it's natural habitat, yet so many people want to kill it or cage it up for their entertainment makes me angry.
The graffiti in the background plus the color of the photo gives this a very bleak vibe to it. It makes me feel bad for society.
I'm not exactly sure if this is traffic but it reminds me of sitting in a traffic jam, or bad drivers.
The two people on the moped look like thieves, which makes me mad.
These mobile phones all thrown in the dirt making a mess is disgusting and should be illegal to liter to this extent.
This makes me angry because whomever placed the toothbrush atop the head of the cat, in my opinion, does not respect the animal.
We shouldnt be riding elephants because of the treatment they suffer, this makes me mad.
The travelers' body language suggests they are in a bad mood as they stand in front of the locked door with their luggage and tired bodies. It makes me feel tired and angry.
Old black and white photos with white people tend to make me feel angry and think of slavery.
The graffiti next to the stone building ruins its architectural beauty and that pisses me off.
The facial expression and scorned eyes feels like he is very upset with what he sees on his phone!
This is a ohoto of a woman on her cellphone and from the look on her facebshe looks angry. Looking at this photo makes me feel her anger. I feel she must have received a message with unpleasant news
I don't know why these people have to ruin dinner and drinks with work.
The graffiti on the train carts make me furious as it is an act of crime.
The large pile of stuff on the table looks unkempt and dirty, which annoys me.
The zebras look unhappy and are crowded into a small enclosement
One man look interested while the other looks angry with his darting eyes at the game show on TV.
parking a car on the sidewalk thereby inconveniencing most people is arrogance
This looks messy and I don't like the fact that there is clearly room in the fruit bowl for this fruit.
These fat officer's using these poor animals to ride on makes me sick.
These officers on their horses look like they are prepared to provide protection from out of control rioters in the street.
This feat take a lot of courage and confidence and I can only imagine the leap of faith the skateboarder has before rolling down.
The sign tells me to smile, which actually makes me feel the exact opposite for it telling me what to do.
this photo seems unfocused because the subject matter is not there and the angle is off
Looking only at the back of this girl that looks to me like she just lost a tennis match. I thought this because I see the tennis ball dropping and I can feel her anger at her loss.
This bird just looks angry that his picture is being taken, which fires me up.
This image makes me feel anger. It makes me feel anger because greyhound racing is notoriously abusive to the greyhounds in question.
The people look like they are passionately protesting against a local injustice based on their facial expressions and the posters they are holding.
The lonely boy and cat in the woods makes my blood boil that they are alone.
The man's haircut makes me mad due to it being horrible.
There is no reason for the world to come to war to kill each other.
i felt annoyed because the people in this picture look like they're holding up traffic
These hockey players fight during a heated ice hockey game
Rodeos are cruel and inhumane to animals, and we should not be teaching our children to treat animals like that.
This guy has nothing better to do but waste police hours and destroy property for a political message
This picture makes me mad because I wish this dumb kid would just leave the  crab alone, I hope he got bit
There is nothing to focus on and I feel like the picture was taken by mistake.
I am annoyed that the kids look to be tapping on the glass and I hope the seal is not getting annoyed
The way the man is standing and pointing his finger evokes feelings of anger.
I will never understand why fighting of any kind is an enjoyable sport to watch.
There is so much graffiti on the wall of the tennis court. People should have more respect for public and shared spaces.
It upsets me to see people fighting, even in a planned setting
I hate to walk somewhere and have someone screaming something, anything, at me with a bullhorn. But I am curious if his sign about water bottles is true. It's more effective than he is.
This reminds me of high school where I hated having to climb the rope.
This portrait captures a very obnoxious female protester holding a bullhorn in her hand.
The crying child out in the public makes me feel anger because it ruins the fun for others who want to enjoy being out and about with their families. Their is nothing more annoying than a crying child.
I would be very angry and upset if this guy sat across from and just played his harmonica.
The sign's message makes one angry at the lack of integrity but at the same time, the sign's small text and placement on the pedestrian road makes it more difficult to read and process, and its annoying how the people who funded it is hindering themselves.
There seems to be quite a lot of litter on the ground.
I hate bullhorns. They're rude and irritating. Use a microphone with a crowd like this, damn it.
I never like to see bull riding, as I believe it is so abusive to the bulls.
After seeing Blackfish, I can't look at orcas performing tricks at places like Seaworld the same anymore. It angers me to know see this but know what their life is really like.
Concerts are so much fun, and for people to ruin it for the audience by starting a fight is absolutely shameful.
The major traffic makes me mad and reminds me of the many frustrating times in traffic.
Riding animals that don't want to be ridden is such a foul practice.
It Makes me angry that we pay our tax dollars to pay the salaries of the police and they’re just standing here fast asleep while on duty
This guy is clearly struggling with the sun in his eyes and I find that very annoying.
Some eatery places are dull and boring, one needs to choose carefully.
It just looks cruel the way the cowboy has this poor calf roped and I can't stand animal cruelty of any kind.
This looks like a place where you may have to wait in line for a while, I hate that.
The displeasure of the people's faces makes me cringe. I have encountered impatient people at shops like this.
This lady appears to be having a terse conversation on her cellphone.
Seeing an elderly gentleman smoking a cigarette in a large group of people angers me! Step away from people to smoke.
I hate sports.  I hate being made to watch sports.  It's fucking boring.
It reminds me of graffiti that has damaged things
I feel angry for the dog. He doesnt seem to be enjoying just sitting down waiting while his owner is protesting.
I really don't think that horses should be ridden by humans. It's cruel.
The mischievous looks on the face of the men along with what appears as alcohol and the graffiti makes me angry
The fella in the bottom window looks suspicious. I think he's a thief and knows he's been caught.
The adult is walking in the middle of the road and the pavement can accommodate him. He is not showing a good example to the children.
The queue is quite long which illustrates poor service and it is making even the elderly stand in the scorching sun.
Located either in Spain or Latin America, you can see a gentleman raging at the construction workers, likely upset about the noise in his neighborhood.
The boss looks really angry talking to the other men, and you can feel his anger.
I would be so angry having to be down in a deep muddy hole like the man is. I don’t mind getting muddy its just the thought of being wet all day.
The old lady appears to be smoking a cigarette which is extremely harmful to her lungs.
The people being taken a picture of without their consent makes me angry to see the person on the other side of the photo.
The body language of the man and woman speaks volumes. We see both of them in anger, indicative of a fight or inappropriate behavior, clearly unhappy with each other.
I hate it when I have to deviate because of road closings.
Horses are beautiful animals and should not be used by police.
The man has a very serious and concerned face that makes me feel uncomfortable.
Road rage is a great way to let off some steam and this picture encapsulates this well.
My first thought when I see this image is 'stranger danger' concerning the little girl and the unusual man in front of her.
He looks a bit angry and pensive as he's walking, and you just get angry at whatever situation made him so angry and bothered.
I'm feeling mad I don't have the day off today but am forced to go to school.
I wish that these children were living in a healthier country.
The people blocking traffic makes me angry like my husband every time he drives for a long period of time.
The graffiti makes me very angry because it ruins the beautiful picture of the ballerina in the picture.
I don't like that people are advertising for me to buy something that I don't want.
The women blowing gum to annoy other people make me angry that they are condescending type of people.
It's upsetting to see graffiti and vandalism in public spaces.
It always makes me feel really angry when I see defaced walls on the street done by idiots with paint spray cans.
I find this image angering because it captures a kitchen-like room where two young men are working to keep the inside clean which reminds me of a job that I hated in working as a chef at a restaurant.
This gentleman looks to be wearing a skirt. I find that disturbing.
Sitting and riding on a little lamb like that is unreal and mean. Whether it be a kid or adult a lamb is not made for the weight. It makes me furious to think about this being done for entertainment.
It is not fair to subject animals to much cruelty in the name of amusing people.
Karma demands that this man should be tied up in a net and left to die.
I have never knew that a horse can be violent towards its owner.
They seem so intense and passionate in their protest, and you can feel their anger.
The little girl seems to be unpleased by the taste of the snack she is eating and does not want another one.
The children are all alone playing aimlessly in the sand at a construction site and may get injured.
The waitress only wearing a crop top and jeans make me angry on the worlds picture of women.
I hate the loud noise that these motorbikes inflict on those all around them.
This has potential to be a nice photo, but capturing the behinds of several people is not acceptable.
It looks like there would be a significant wait in this line.
One of my pet peeves is bad photography. This one shows someone's back and is blurry!
The man looks disappointed because the stores are closed and he needed to buy something.
I'm not one to hate on people skating, but some people skate in the strangest places
Oh my god. I think bagpipes are one of the most irritating noises that exist. I would be pissed just to be in the vicinity of one.
The man looks astonished and disappointed with the team he is supporting similar to the lady beside her who does not look happy with what going on.
His angry face makes me feel angry too.
This selfish boy is creating noise and air pollution just for a thrill.
I can never understand the enjoying of watching or participting in this sport. It's animal cruelty and it makes me so mad to think about what those bulls and the other animals involved go through. Also to think about people cheering it on.
The little boy left at the bench makes me angry someone would leave him vulnerable.
I find this exact situation to be very bothersome, it is the worse when you are at any event and have someone sitting in your line of sight blocking your view.  If this was me I would be mad.
This looks so staged to me, the child looks uncomfortable but the woman seems to be only focused on her own perception and looking good
They all have long pants, so it must be cold. Running through water like this is crazy!
I know this photo is so playful and it is a parents favorite moment to capture things like this, but the one person in the background standing in the water is so distracting and I wish they were not a part of this picture.
this is the worst, the mob at the end of a ball game that all piles out and moves quite slowly there are tons of people in this crowd
The eyes of the doctor/examiner is more interested in the media limelight he is getting than treating the patient.
unless he is talking about a completely boring topic or a very serious one he should be smiling and engaged with the audience.  If I had to listen to him I would not be focused on the topic at hand because his body language is suggesting that it is not interesting.
these two dogs are barking wildly at eachother through the fence
The woman's body language looks angry, it seems like the male made an inappropriate comment while she was walking by
unsure of what I am looking at, it appears a public works vehicle in traffic however no caution cones or other safety equipment around it
Ferreting with a dog has been banned for cruelty.
This could have been such a good photograph but the man blends in with the darkness and makes it look boring and drab.  I wish there was some focus on him.
It is difficult to see, but it looks like these two women are standing around laughing while a man is laying on the ground obviously hurt. I suppose these days, we should just be grateful they even stopped.
looks like an unpleasant confrontation between the man in the yellow hat and the woman passing by, his face is quite curt
Teaching how to pick a lock is wrong.
this is an aggressive german sheppard chasing after another one to attack it as it has stolen its stick
The guides always tell you to avoid taking the starfish out of the water. This guy is being irresponsible.
It makes me mad to see all these people without masks.
this is a chaotic food market with food all over the place and too many people there
I think palm readers, like the one in the photo, are nothing more than charlatans and they prey on their customers.
I don't like to watch the animals in the rodeo being roped, therefore, this photo makes me angry.
this man has a curt face, pointing at someone and may be yelling
I feel like he is reading a bill that came and he is mad/ angry about having to pay something else.
It kind of looks like the mom is pulling the child up the hill a little roughly.
the way this woman is standing and her mouth open I believe she is yelling at someone
the dog on the right is violently biting the arm of the other dog
That man looks angry, it looks like he is yelling at the contractors working.
this is a woman and her friends underage trying to sneak into a dance club, you can see them negotiating
This restaurant kitchen has too many things in small space including bottles on the microwave oven.
this is a dog that is probably chasing something to bite as you can see it has opened its mouth and showing its fangs
This pet shop is selling undersized hamster cages not suited for any kind of small rodent, which really bugs me, as a decent pet shop wouldn't sell things that put small rodents in danger.
Looks like our tax money is going to people just standing around having a chat.
I am angry at this photo as the dogs in this image do not look like they are very comfortable and being made to race which they probably don’t enjoy.
this is a sad woman taking a picture to post on instagram to show her friends how exciting her pathetic life is
Their faces look like the collective expression of an internal struggle.
Don't know for certain but that couch looks fairly new and I feel like this was just some mother using her children for Instagram or Facebook likes. It makes me mad.
It looks pretty dangerous to be out protesting while pregnant.
in this jiu jitsu fight the man on the bottom got slammed hard, his face shows his pain
The instructor watching his every move would make me feel nervous.
I really can't abide Street vendors who pester you to buy their tat
this is an old man with a scowl on his face not having any fun in the water
this looks like a woman at work getting a happy birthday email from co-workers and is showing no emotion or enthusiasm whatsoever
Exploiting animals for entertainment is not ok!  The poor calf could get injured just to build the ego of those 2 men
this group of people look like they are attending and got scammed by a self help seminar
I wonder how people claim to love their country and the flags but cant stand their own neighbors at times.
This little boy is angry that is popsicle is all gone.   He is trying to salvage every bite of it my chomping down on the stick.  too funny,
i don't like it when parents drag their kids with them for late night outings and the kids have to suffer.
The warped perspective makes me gives me an uneasy feeling.
Its a bad shot because the picture is too blurry and far away.
the way this man is grabbing the shirts it looks like he is about to shoplift
a lonely corporate worker standing begrudgingly with arms crossed next to a poster of his company
He is writing his name on the board and it must be the first day of a boring class.
The busy construction site make the sidewalk look cramped.
Watching this man try to put up a tent reminds me of my own struggles with these infuriating devices.
two hockey players violently throwing punches at eachother
This is a boring meeting or presentation and those are horrible.
This teacher is trying to explain an assignment or workbook, and the student is not paying attention.
this is a dog with an intent look like he is hunting for something
The stage looks a bit too small for that many band members.
The tall candle shows the separation between the priest and his audience.
This guys is either nuts or a jerk for standing in front of a bus.
Angry protestors marching, carrying large signs while demanding change.
The man is scowling and looks upset about something
the man on the left has a very curt expression on his face
This makes me think about how soda has been making people unhealthy for decades
It makes me angry to see a person of color so subservient to an old white man.
Is it just me, or are these "event staff" creepily close to breathing on people?
the way this woman holds her body and has a frowning expression it looks like she is upset at the person on the other side of that phone
Seeing the workers in their yellow vests working in the road just reminds me of being stuck in traffic or late because of road work  and puts me in a road rage mindset.
a woman frustratingly trying to keep her active child busy while waiting for her flight
There are two people walking on the road alongside cars which is very dangerous and they might get hit.
the dog on the left is crouching to get into an attack position
No one should be homeless in America, this is a sad and heart wrenching scene.
this dog is barking angrily back with its mouth open at the person taking this picture
that dog is barking and viciously presenting its teeth to whatever it is looking at
The wide open expanse of mountains, with hikers in the forefront make me feel a bit dizzy from the open view.
The main gentleman in this picture has his hands up like he’s gesturing disapproval of something.  I don’t like this attitude during a race
The person is driving the car in wrong direction.
With a leg on the desk I feel like they are goofing off when they should be working
I feel angry and annoyed by this image because the woman is just standing around drinking wine and she doesn’t look particularly happy either.
the man with the football has a very aggressive face and looks like he wants to tear through that defender
a group of men aggressively jockeying for first position in a leg race
It is pitiful to see how badly protesters against Israel are treated.
the whore crossing the road on her phone without paying attention makes me feel angry
I just don't understand why some people like to take pictures when they really don't fit into the background. They look dressed like fall wilts the people in the background are enjoying a swim. How initiating!
a man helping his son with the most frustrating job ever, building lego
the drunk lady putting her hand out toward me with a stupid grin on her face makes me feel angry
This child is playing with poison ivy. It is all over her hand, her arm, where is adult supervision???? SHE IS PLAYING IN POISON IVY.
the man in the red coat is glaring at me and makes me feel angry and afraid
the black dog in the front is clearly growling and its eyes are glowing red
this woman has her arms folded in front of her with a mad expression on her face
First off the photo is blurry and second the fact that this is her backside is very unappealing
Who like road construction projects in there town new traffic patterns and all that jazz
I feel angry because the women in the photo appears to be angry about something inside the store.
this woman is trying to get the woman to not take a picture of her as she puts her arm out
The men are having a confrontation with an officer.
Her sweater is a beautiful shade of green but walking while not paying attention to her surroundings makes me feel frustrated because It reminds me of the times people have walked into me on the street because they were too busy paying attention to their phone
the man in the top left has a scowl and clearly does not want to be part of this event
the cranes remind me of large cities being built and destroying nature
I am all for people having a good time, but they need to be responsible and clean up after themsdlves, not leave a giant mess for others.
there is an argument going on and the men look aggresive
Being outside on a sunny beach with no shade sounds so hot and uncomfortable.
The baby is laying in a cart alone in the street.
Looking at this image with two men in suits standing in the hallway acting all important makes me feel anger because it reminds me of doctors mistreating me because they have this overly inflated ego like they are more important than someone like me.
The situation looks stressful to be in, trying to put together a bike outside in the heat.
This picture brings me anger because it looks like a group of people are being excluded from another group, and I know what that feeling of exclusion feels like
the man on the left is focused on beating his opponent to the ground and hurting him
There are people not wearing helmets on their bike and due to how dangerous motorcycles are, it shows that they're not caring about their own safety, or are arrogant enough to think they're careful enough to not get hurt at all.
the girl with the tattoo on her cheek is looking to the right in a sneering manner
Seems to be there is a lot of trash on the ground at this event, not cool.
The men hanging the black man angers me because it makes me think of the stuff that used to go on in this country.
My daughter screams and jumps around trying to squirt me with water sometimes and it's very annoying because she doesn't know when to quit, so this little boy in his wild stance with this water bottle makes me feel angry.
Horses were not meant to be ridden! I know horses don't seem to mind, but just because we can exploit animals doesn't mean we should! Horse riding is mean. This person is also riding the horse by the beach... which seems dangerous because the horse could easily trip in sand and hurt itself.
He seems like he is over stepping his bounds as he explains something to someone
this man has a very mad expression on his face and in a very serious state at this protest
The police officers questioning the man make me mad because I want to know why they are questioning him
Everything is cluttered and messy especially with the van close by.
I can feel this man's frustration as he is trying to put up this tent-like structure.
the woman is grocery shopping and I don't like shopping it takes to long and is always crowded
this dog is gnawing on something in its mouth and is looking at something that it may want to go after
The political signs in the back make me angry because I hate politics
Dog appears to be left outside with no food or water.  Just laying on the dirty ground lonely.
This picture makes me either angry or sad.it would make me angry if the man is protesting against something terrible. (For example if he was homophobic etc). It would make me sad if he was protesting for something good (for example equal rights).
This picture makes me feel angry about the rain and how it can so easily ruin a perfect day of shopping and sightseeing.
The photo makes me feel angry because they took a picture of this dog at the absolute worst angle. I want to see it's face!! What a dumb photographer.
The construction worker is holding a stop sign and it reminds me of traffic that I hate
Putting a dog through something like this that could injure it... and for what? For fun? for sport? This benefits the owner- not the dog and they should be ashamed.
it annoys me that even on a graffiti stained wall there are advertisements for the latest Apple product, how ironic
Why anyone would want to run in the snow, especially in shorts, is beyond me.
the man on the poster looks like a politician and they all make me angry
The string connecting the two men is symbolic of working an old horse to death. The old man is supposed to be tilling the ground but he can barely walk.
By the look of his face he seems to be very agitated and angry.
I feel some anger as I see a brown dog on a chain in what appears to be a building.
The sight of a young person smoking angers me in that it is so unnecessarily dangerous
the construction project in this image looks big and like it will take forever to finish and that angers me
Something not good is happening that this little girl doesn't like, with her scowl and her hand up.
the strips on the motorcycle and mans jacket remind me of police and I don't like what they do some times
I am mad because the construction working sweeping means construction and I hate construction projects because they take forever and slow down traffic
I don't like cyclist they are always getting in the way of drivers
the constructions workers walking makes me angry because I hate construction projects
The man in the blue looks like he just got hit hard with the stick and is about to be in a lot of pain.
I am angered the woman feel forced to dress like this by their repressive religious views
I am angered that the construction worker is working because I hate construction
Workers protesting for the unfair wages and their rights.
I am angered to see the political ads I hate politics
These people appear to be subsistence farmers. They are so poor that the children have to work and the family cannot afford electric or gas-powered equipment and vehicles. Given how wealthy and wasteful some countries are, this one angers me.
I just cannot understand what kind of joy people derive from watching football. In this photo the guy who holds the ball is airborne and getting pulled by opposition to the ground. The guy pulling has his head bent at an odd looking angle backwards. One way or another this scene looks like the moment before one or more players will get a serious injury.
the guys are watching a women with a short dress walk down the stairs
Cops are always looking for an excuse to screw up somebody's good time.
in such a unique historical setting I find it annoying that somebody is staring at their feet as opposed to taking in the scenery.
The bartender looks a little angry with her arms crossed.
It looks hot, crowded, and I would hate to be there.
There is nothing but metal, concrete, and pollution and I hate that.
Even though it's mentioned above but i guess no one is taking the number.
I dont like the sound of baby's crying and I can hear it through the image.
I dont like the face of either of these two guys.
Seeing all these people phone recording a moment that looks to be serious is slightly angering, as if they cannot get off their phones.
Greyhound racing is a very cruel sport. Not only to the dogs, but also the animals they train on.
There's no way he can be comfortable laying on concrete bricks.
I don't condone muzzling a bunch of dogs, then betting on their forced race.
This is the look I have when I'm looking at a million different options and still can't figure out what I want.
This angers me because it appears to be a group of people fighting. It angers me because adults shouldn't be physically fighting with each other.
His shorts say fun, but his face and posture both read aggressive to me.
The graffiti on the old fashioned telephone booths seems unnecessary
On the couch with the boots on and they look dirty.
The splash is clearly unwelcome to the other people in the pool, suggesting a complete disregard by the person who jumped in
The bullet point on the slide which says " survival tips during an uprising" would be helpful for dictators and not us.
A mask only works if it covers your mouth an nose
He should be a gentleman and offer to carry the basket for her.
The paint he is using is too bright I dont like looking at it.
It looks like she is being heckled by the passenger in the car.
this is one of the very few times i have used "anger" as my emotion. i may be overreacting but most of those chickens don't have enough room. it's not the worst thing in this confusing world but i don't like it.
It makes me feel anger the picture shows a man cutting ice and it would make me angry to have this job since it probably is very tiring.
The man in the suit reminds me of my boss just standing there watching the work be done
those ramp closed signs and construction workers make me think of traffic on the way to work and delays
I don't like to watch boxing in any form because seeing people get hurt makes me angry.
Seeing all these cars parked at a gas station makes me think that people have to wait a long time for gas
I feel anger because the trashcan is overflowing and trash is spilling all over the ground.
It makes no sense why there are chickens hanging with 8 balls.
The person on the left has a strange face that I dont like.
Road construction and detours make me in a foul mood.
Seeing a little kid mop a floor fill me with anger, a child should not be doing a job.
City construction always makes me late to work or home
People have put graffiti all over the building.
Standing at the checkout in the super market and all the wait.
Unnecessary amount of police line up to block free people
I'm fuming at the dirt bike tearing up a pristine, grassy field.  The rider has no love of nature.
This guy is not holding this child correctly and needs to do better
The player on the ground looks like he just suffered an injury and the player in red next to him seems to have caused it.
I have a feeling that this woman is cleaning her door because someone has vandalized it.
why girls have to put so much of makeup and have to be so artificial  when they can be so beautiful just being nice and being them.
Though they are playing this looks like she is punching the dog
I feel angry looking at this image because the child in the back of the car looks like they are trying to escape and looks really unhappy and scared.
The kids in black look like they have to apologize for bullying the girl in pink
These protestors carrying signs against taxes and against President Obama definitely flood me with rage and frustration.
I wonder if the lady is admonishing the other person and that would make me frustrated
There appears to be some bitterness in his facial expression.
This man looks very angry about something considering the look on his face and the way he is pointing.
they look pretty healthy  and definitely can earn some money with a little hardwork.
It is a beautiful place for a hike, but it would be better if they stayed on the road and leave the plants and wildlife alone.
I know trees need to be cut sometime but this tree has been growing a long time and it is a shame it is being cut down
Boy, that family looks grumpy and irritable. Maybe they stayed at the event in the background too long.
The mom looks very annoyed and frustrated with her daughter.
I am angry that my bike had a malfunction in the middle of my ride. The sooner I can fix it, the sooner I am back on the road.
A young girl gets quite irritated about having to wait for over an hour for her boyfriend to arrive.
Conditioning this shark to come close to boats is going to get it killed
The officer appears to be preparing to issue a parking ticket to a driver which makes me angry.
The man in the image looks so condescending, I wouldn't want to listen to him.
I would be upset to be on the train with all these people.  It's too crowded.
This makes me feel anger because I want to know why the guys in the red shirt is about to punch and hurt the man in the gray shirt
This man seems to be constructing some sort of robot and it reminds me of putting together my sons toys and how there always seems to be one piece missing.
They guy in the yellow shirt seems to be berating the other teenagers nearby and is being a real jerk.
Look, you chose to take the hike, you don't get to complain about being way out in the sheep pastures.
It looks like it's gonna be a long way before they get to the mountain.
This makes me think of COVID coming back strong and how people might have to stop eating out like this soon
This woman could miss and drop nail polish and stain the couch
The lighting conditions are not ideal to be painting in.
The structure of the building is interesting but the man smoking in public isn't.
that guy is smoking in public is the worst thing to do.
Crying at and mocking a crying baby never makes the baby stop, it only ever makes things worse.
This line is getting a little long, and I'm very impatient.
This man seems to be trying to avoid the camera and it makes me think he is guilty of something.
This couple looks like they are distressed, the woman more so than the man. Its like They are waiting to be helped but a lot of time has passed leading to anger and distress.
For some reason this man looks guilty as if the bag he's looking through is not his.
Whoa, this kid just got kicked in the face.
I never liked the way people are not allowed to enter without any reason.
These cows have to do a lot of work and it seems that they do not get fed well
Seeing the backs of everyone in front of me makes me angry but motivated to push myself farther.
It looks like the woman is stranded at the airport where her flight is either delayed or cancelled, and it reminds me of how angry and exhausted I was when I was in the same predicament
I feel anger because the image shows an old woman with the hood of her car up tinkering with her car and it reminds me of having my car breakdown.
I cannot help but think of all of these people possibly getting COVID
I disagree with his sign and views because I'm sure he doesn't have any idea what to replace it with or even care about the innocent people that would be hurt.
I am unsure why this officer is eyeing grandma suspiciously, but she looks dejected and hurt.
This man should pay more attention when handling a knife around children
The litter that has been discarded all around by the crowd makes me feel angry.
The guy in the picture in the brown jacket looks really angry and in a rush. Seeing the anger in the guy face also makes me feel angry.
I hate the fast moving world, It gives no time to enjoy. Gets most of our time for travel.
Everyone in this picture looks mad which makes me feel angry. I am unsure why but it just how I feel when seeing this.
The old guy is very rude and seems to start fight. This picture makes me feel anger towards the old guy.
The drunk man seems to have stolen the Santa statue and is now parading it around, it makes me feel angry for the person it was taken from.
Its really bad to wear a national flag as a underwear. It shows disrespect towards the flag.
Parking the vehicle in middle of the road and taking picture is the stupid thing.
I feel angry on behalf of this homeless man and the world which led to him being in this state.
all are showing  their content against the persons
A large crowd of irate protestors blocks passage up the sidewalk.
Before making a skateboard stunt, make you that you wear a helmet, elbow and knee pads. These things will give you enough protection from any bruises, injuries and wounds. Once you get injured, you will lessen your daily activities in life. It is also hard to walk once you get injured.
The couple in the picture not even know how to pose for the picture. Those guys looks stupid to me.
The woman is not wearing a mask properly which makes me angry.
I would think this is awfully dangerous to be playing with fireworks or some kind of fire, with so many people around.  This could hurt someone in the group, or hurt a lot of them.
The man has a very stern and upset look on his face.  I hope he isn't getting angry about something and I want to know what is going on.
Writing and painting in the road is really bad idea and making a child to watch it is very stupid.
I feel angry on behalf of this poor man and his poverty that has led him to this point.
It is frustrating to see so many dogs running freely at the beach when there might be birds they can harm.
Not a PC answer, but I get angry when I see Muslim men with a microphone in public because they are usually spouting off something racist, sexist, or anti-American.
Before you make a bicycle stunt, make sure that you wear a helmet, elbow and knee pads. These things will help you and your body from any bruises, injuries, wounds etc. Once you experience having an injury, you cannot do the things you usually do. Your daily routines and activities will be lessened.
Before going on a surf boarding activity, make sure that you wear a helmet, googles and some protective pads. Once you have a google, it will give you enough protection especially from the snow on going to your eyes. Once the snow goes into your eyes, you will face a big problem in life.
I feel angry at this image of people trampling through the flowers unnecessarily.
Before you go on a roller skating, make sure that you wear elbow and knee pads and helmet. These things will provide protect and your body from any injuries, wounds, bruises etc. It's better to have a protection rather than suffering from any injury, wounds, bruises. You cannot do the things you usually do in life.
The lady is not enjoying her drink, Food has to be consumed with love.
I feel angry at the man taking a photo of me without permission.
Before going to the deep portion of the beach, make sure that you have someone to accompany you. Because if you don't have someone to accompany you, and you go to the deep portion and you do not know how to swim, you may drown yourself and this may lead to your death. So, be care careful on going to the beach.
This person looks mad standing behind the man with the soda can. I wonder if he is thirsty.
The last time i climbed a tree like that i ended up burning my feet and it wasnt a pleasant healing experience
Looking at the people who is angry really spoils the mood and makes us angry too.
From their dress, they are at the running of the bulls, which is absolutely barbaric.  The animals are terrified and will, in the end, be brutalized for sport.
The picture makes no sense and the people look very dark due to the bad quality of the camera.
I don’t like people pressing me to take drinks from them.
Seeing a man in military fatigues while preparing to pray fills me with disgust at the combination of war and religion.
This makes me really angry because I hate when people throw trash into the water or onto the ground instead of into a bin or recycling it.
The poorly used apostrophe in 'sausage's' in this image makes me feel irrational anger!
I feel angry at the white traveller juxtaposed with the impoverished natives.
Its very bad to burn any flag, it is not the right way to show ones disagreement
Construction workers standing around like this make me angry because you never see them working I am surprised at anything ever gets built
I feel like the photographer was intruding on the man's personal moments, his face looks as thought he is not happy that his picture is being taken.
He seems to be complaining.
Cowboys for sport is antiquated and serves no purpose.
I have to wonder if these three men are stealing fuel, with this pump they have attached to the top of the barrel.  They have a wrench to open the spout.
A scruffy man with a tattoo behind his ear sings a screechy song near our table.
I feel angry at people who force their beliefs on others, especially when, as in this image, they are religious beliefs.
The two teens in the picture behaves like they were drugged. It makes me angry.
It angers me to see when people disrespect buildings and property and draw graffiti on the walls.
Two people are in a long hallway that has been defaced and vandalism makes me mad.
This image makes me feel angry because it makes me think of current events happening where transexual men are participating in and winning women's sports.
It makes me upset to see perfectly good buildings defaced by ugly, uncreative graffiti
I can't state that I am really angry, but it is frustrating to see many cars parked so closely to each other, because it's difficult to get out of the parking spaces.
I still can't help but think all these people should not be so close together
This man does not look happy about the protests going on.
It looks like he is upset by something that the protestors in the background may be doing or saying and he seems concerned about it.
I am angry because someone needs to brush this poor dogs hair.
I see a lot of anger on the faces of the people in the train, which makes me upset.
Seeing so many cars on the road gives me anxiety.  The traffic looks very backed up and congested in the photo.
I hate people thinking they can park wherever they want. this vehicle up on the curb angers me.
The people waiting to be served makes me feel like I am angry about having to 30 minutes just to get a seat.
I think dog racing is a cruel sport and should be illegal. It is nothing more than animal abuse for the purpose of gambling.
I would tell this man to put the phone down and pay attention to what is going on around him. I don't want to hear strangers conversations
It angers me to see bad sportsmanship among boys.
The man in the picture looks mad at the woman regarding her necklace.
The  two basketball players fighting for the ball and the other 2 behind them where one seems to be punching the other with his forearm all seem very irate
This is definiely a face mask, but does not look like there will be a penalty.
This is mildly infuriating. Everyone knows we are supposed to stay to the right. (In America) If i need to go up these stairs, i would have to swim against the current of people.
I assume this is a church choir. I have a real problem with organized religion. I'm sure they're perfectly nice people, but I don't like this picture one little bit.
The black man is working hard with all of the dust flying around him.
It looks like the girl is being punished because she is kneeling with her face to a wall.
I am an animal person, and even more so, I'm a REPTILE person, so seeing these birds cooped up like this just fills me with hate. They cannot be in cages that small with that many other birds, they just can't. It's bad for their entire health. Seeing the guy in the back just sleeping away while the birds suffer makes me even angrier.
It appears that the player in the black and yellow jersey tripped or stepped on the one in the black jersey lying on the ground while fighting for the ball
These soldiers shouldn't be in uniform when they are meeting men in suits.
I think this girl needs to get off her phone and look where she is going, she looks like she is about to step into the street
I feel this way because I hate school and sitting down in class listing to a teacher talk for more then an hour.
This photo makes me angry. He looks exhausted from work, yet doesn't appear to be taking a break.
The photo upsets me because it looks like the creepy man is objectifying the women and looking at them as commodities
This photo of a woman in her underwear make me angry. It appears that they forced a strip search on her solely based on her looks.
These protesters always frustrate and make me mad because they are bullies
Because the person is spreading fear
It irks me to see people crossing the road when the pedestrian crossing is few feet away.
The classroom looks very low budget, and I feel that children deserve a better environment.
The appearance of a lot of litter on the grass makes my blood boil
That is a very messy park. All of those people out there, someone needs to clean it up.
I hate to see graffiti tarnish our streets, the Asian woman makes me think this maybe a hate message.
Greyhound training is widely acknowledged to be cruel to dogs and the animals they practice on. The dog in the muzzle has a droopy tail and a hunch - obviously frightened.
This photo angers me because I cannot see what is being built with the fence in the way! It also hurts my eyes to look at!
It is so dangerous to let a child sit on your lap while driving.
I'm assuming by "3 Slice Special", they are referring to pizza slices... If they are, $15.00 is outrageous! I could get an entire, large, high-quality pizza for only a a bit more than that. That price admittedly makes a bit angry that someone is selling them that high.
An unemployed man leads a protest against the government who has failed to keep the economy afloat.
The cramped crowd is raising my anxiety levels.
People should not be walking and talking on the phone at the same time, she could step on a dog
No one should be sleeping on a park bench if they can help it. It makes people think you could be an addict who means to do them harm.
These guys with spray paint cans look like graffiti vandals and that makes me mad.
She is picking his pocket. You really cannot trust anybody these days.
A photo of 1/6/21 United States Capitol attack. Pro Trump supporters disgracing our capital.
The protestors here are upset and demonstrating out in public with their signs raised high.
i've never liked rodeos.  i'm not exactly sure the level of mistreatment the animals have to go through but it can't be pleasant.  i never watch them.
This brings me some anger and agitation as this lady looks like she’s been waiting awhile for someone.
There is a look of frustration on the face of the man which literately transforms into anger. But i can see he is trying to express it in a peaceful manner through protesting.
It looks like the kid is in poverty and it angers me knowing that kids grow up like that.
The man looks like he is selling political lies to the japanese public which makes me angry.
Just the sight of a road closed sign gets me aggravated because the work always seems to take forever
The photo makes me mad because it reminds me of crumbling infrastructure in cities and towns across the country
I am angry because this child is crying and alone, where are his parents?
That poor child looks like he's been left by himself in the middle of a field.
This is only three boring looking people who are doing nothing interesting.
I feel anger looking at this image of what appears to be two dogs fighting as I don't want to see any animal hurt and I love dogs.
Having to hand scrub a floor is a miserable experience, and they do not look happy.
i love the car in this image, however the confiderate flag doesnt sit well with me as a black person, sorry.
The blurriness of the photo combined with the crowd of people gives me a feeling of anxiety.  I don't like large crowds so its a little disturbing.
I disapprove of the constant defacing of public places and more when crime is celebrated
I feel angry that a person has decided to graffiti the blank board. The person in the image now has to spend his time painting over it to make it look better. He could have spent this time a lot more wisely if it hadn't have been for the graffiti.
It's way too crowded. How can someone possibly walk through this without getting crushed.
The sound of races and race cars triggers my PTSD, and it makes me angry to look at them.  Too noisy.
It angers me to feel this place is probably extremely loud, and full of cigarette smoke, and the people look like druggies
even when operated tons of pounds in dangerous machinery, people still will not get off their phones
This is such a horrible abuse of animals to make them behave this way
The amount of dead pigs lying on the ground evokes a sense of decadence and privilege.
the woman is lighting a cigarette around her cat, and she is putting the cat in a headlock so it can't escape
I'm not quite sure if these men are fighting others and they appear to be younger (?).  It makes me very angry to see anything violent or helpless people getting hurt.
the people are punching into the air and are looking to fight
I hate guns, I hate war.  This makes me feel sad and angry.
Where are her parents? I mean, i am 100% sure this adult marching band is not going to trample this child, and i get that everyone wants to watch the parade, but this child cannot be running out in the street.
The dog looks too skinny as if its not being fed enough.
The 2 men are in this beautiful building and instead of admiring the building, they are watching the woman's bum
These people are abusing the animal, I hate it, it makes me angry.
The girls are not happy by looking at the mouths turned down, their bodies leaning against the wall, and the girl (with white top, hand are crossed in a defiant manner.  They are both pretending to listen, With their faces are both turned to someone.   They are both wearing swimsuits, which leads me to believe, they got caught doing something that they were not suppose to.
The woman looks like she is pointing forward at something or someone in the middle of a conversation with an upset expression on her face.
Somebody should be taking care of this baby so that it will not cry anymore.
The man seems upset about something as he waits on his dinner.
these people are walking with an expression like they are in protest
To see the guard in front of that wall I know he is guarding a prison, prison upsets me.
Why are these children outside alone at night? Doesn't make good sense.
The monitors in the doctors line of sight are showing a classroom and the surgical team, not the patients vitals and x-rays like they are supposed to.
THis photo reminds me of the surrection on the capital on Jan 6th.
This seems to be a rally and I am not sure whether I support it or not.
Is this man at a protest? He looks like a right wing extremist.
The man wearing a hard hat looks like an angry protestor in front of a crowd of other people in protest.
The sunlight is making everything look too hot.
Anybody who juggles breakable objects and stuff on fire is an idiot.
Not sure why this woman thinks she needs tips for making smoothies.  People like that annoy me.
The repeated billboard signs seem a bit redundant.
His furrowed brow and stiff demeanor as he walks his bike makes him look like an uptight man.
It deeply angers me to see children trapped in poor conditions with no shoes on and no basic essentials to learn with (tables, chairs, schoolhouse, etc.).
Protestors have a lot problems. I hope it is resolved soon.
The crowed room evokes a feeling of claustrophobia.
this is just a super busy and chaotic foodcourt type area with too much hustle and bustle to relax
The kid looks like he is about to hurt the woman on the floor.
Well, I know the city isn't going to plow the crosswalk, so I am going to do it.  That's me clearing the crosswalk so that everyone is a little bit safer.  Why do we pay such high taxes when we remove the snow ourselves.
Is this man dead?  There is blood underneath him and someone put him laying on plastic packing bags.  Why is anyone not helping him, and yet, there is someone taking the picture.  The guys face looks all swollen and his legs are pointing in a way where they look broken.  Who is helping this man or is he already dead?
The kid on the ground looks like he's throwing a tantrum and that makes me feel angry at what a brat he's being.
This looks like she’s punching that dog and that get me furious
there is a very "industrial" and "machines only" economy feel to this picture that sucks the life out of it, the ships and the rusted container exarcerbates this
I get angry seeing such amazing animals exploited.
Two people are walking through nature with an elephatn in chains.
The woman in the picture looks very mad and disgusted.
If that was my pot, I'd be seriously mad at these boys.
the police people looks like they are up to no good
An Israeli parade looking angry and loud as an armed guard stands near a very stern looking woman.
the people are protesting something as they police stand by to protect them
This looks bad like something bad may happen and I don’t like it
The fate of many migrant workers is to have to sleep on the floor with little privacy.
I am angered, this is not appropriate to have children in the trunk of a car
Someone put two children in the trunk of the car and it looks like they want to get out.
This makes me so sad to see animals be corralled into pens
It looks like the woman in the black shirt is being left out of the conversation by the doctors.
This girl needs to get back in the car and stop holding up the traffic behind her
Seeing young people on their phone makes me angry that they aren't in person with friends or doing stuff outside.
these group of bikers look like they are about to huddle up and roll down the street as one and perhaps cause some trouble
he did not want to come but he was forced to
it looks like this girl who is pointing to the smaller girl is mocking her to her other friend next to her
I'm all for patriotism, but what is going on in the occupied areas of Palestine is unforgivable.
It looks like a youth upset and taking part in some sort of outdoor rally demonstration as he stares off intimidatingly balling his fists in frustration.
It is so wrong and unfair for people to use animals for their own gains
the dog with the brown spots is aggressively biting the other white dog
Politicians fake sentiments really make me angry and discouraged.
that is Nancy Pelosi looking very facetiously at that other politician whom she will later double cross in a deal in Congress
this level of messy is anger and anxiety inducing, i'd throw it all into garbage bags
Looking at the mans face with his mouth turned down, and eyes looking up; he seems angry.  Makes me angry too.  It looks like he is protesting something by the looks of the armband around his left arm.
I hate running and seeing others run makes me unhappy
I'd imagine that the boys are looking up at a ball that's stuck somewhere and given that I've been in this situation before, it's very annoying.
i get upset when abled bodied people are out on the street when there are outreach programs that will help them get their lives together instead of begging and living in a high risk setting
The photo makes me angry because I know that race horses are sometimes mistreated. I also don’t like gambling at the expense of animals.
Two dogs are fighting inside a dirty swimming pool. Animals fight just like people they are both biting at each other. Someone needs to break up the fight.
this might be an illegal kick to the head
The traffic in the background seems a little congested and that makes me angry as I would just want to drive smoothly to my destination
This traffic looks really backed up and it will take a long time to get to their destination
This is a traffic jammed street and I hate being stuck in traffic.
she is angrily waiting for the subway to get to work
these are two pompous and arrogant girls as you can see from their faces, they carry a very pompous air of judgement in their faces
The individual appears to be a worker instead of the owner. He has to spend all day in the hot sun picking corn. That is unfortunate.
I am angered to see a pitbull dog in the mix of dogs. They are killers and the tiny dog is in biggest danger.
The stoic face and the man's posture strikes me as someone who's looking down on me and I don't like it
The people in this picture look like they're engaging in some sort of argument and therefore I feel slightly annoyed at seeing it
this is an aggressive alligator that is thrashing in the water
A white man politician telling the woman and black man,  "Now let's do it my way.  You know I am right?"  Both the woman and the black man are trying to be respectul, however, looking at their faces they are not happy.  The white man is oblivious.
The man isn't wearing a life vest so this makes me feel angry that he isn't being safe in the water.
i really dislike these redneck conservative protests that try to exempt themselves from paying their fair share
this man is a protester with an aggressive message on his sign directed towards the government, as it relates to taxes
the woman is wearing the mask on her face like an idiot, not covering her nose
The man's expression seems to be one of anger given his furrowed brow and so it is somewhat projected unto me.
this is a man who does not like to have his picture taken given his arms crossed, looking at the cameraman and scowling with his face
the people are standing too close together and not socially distancing, this gives me anxiety and makes me angry
No one wants to listen to loud music on public transport, they just want to go home.
This looks like a hot day out in the field doing some work which is probably not fun.
It is sad to see a memorial to a disaster, and I find it strange and a little frustrating that people would take a photo of their children next to something so devastating. The boy in the memorial would be happy to be free to live like these children are.
This looks cool but I imagine that there would be a ton of noisy kids there, which would be really annoying and make me angry.
This picture makes me angry because I don't like it when boats speed because that's how manatees get hurt
I feel so bad to see a young baby being left like this.
The dog looks angry and tired, it must be feeling unwell.
It looks like this person is in an airplane and those situations tend to be stressful because it can be cramped or the person sitting next to you might not be kind.
The military seems to be oppressing the citizens
Having lost several relatives due to smoking caused cancers I always feel angry when I see someone smoking.
She's being tied up, tortured, and all I want to do is sweep in and fight to save her.
I wish there wasnt a glare and I could litereally read the writing on the wall
Seeing those ladies sleeping there makes me feel annoyed. Such amazing souls deserves the best.
The snowman has a very angry face, I think the snowman must be mad because he will soon melt away. I am angry that snow is temporary and wish that it would not melt so fast.
I cannot stand having to wait in traffic like this. It makes my head hurt.
The lady seems to be angered and she wants to throw stone to someone or something else
This chair reminds me of the timeout chair from kindergarten, i missed quite a few storytimes
I felt very bad and angry , we should protect our mother nature and our environment which is extremely important for our self and for our next generation also
Anybody who pickets a soldier's funeral, the most sacred and somber final thanks to someone who gave their lives for their country, is a scumbag and I despise them and am enraged at them. I deeply wish somebody would walk over and punch whoever that protestor is.
This is a factually incorrect article and the image in it is disgusting, I don’t believe that mainstream priests would ever actually do this to babies
She looks stressed up hence feeling sorry for her
The image is very blurry, it seems the photographer does not know how to capture the picture.
I wish the writing wasnt faded and I could read the whole plaque
The ornate decorations remind me of church as a kid which werent great memories
The lady seems to have been annoyed by someone present.
I feel super power, energetic and anger also. His expression and aggression makes me feels like super hero. Hulk's strength remains at the top level of all super human beings
I hate cats, I am allergic to them, and they deliberately do things to get on people's nerves.
Something about this woman's expression, the look in her eyes, makes me feel that she has been abused.  There is something about her body language that makes her seem in fear and that makes me mad.
Smoking is not good for health. She might be sad but should avoid smoking.
He looks like an alcoholic just wasting his day away, but he's better than this. He can get past this if he tries.
The lady in the image looks drugged. I hate the way she is lying.
His chubby cheeks turned up my baby fever and I am not ready for kids!
I can see anger on this young man's face.  He must of gotten in trouble or been denying something he wanted.
I hate wall street as there has been lot of corruption is going on.
The angry emoji will make angry whoever sees it.
He looks angry to see me, and he doesn't know who he's messing with.
This monster is challenging me, but I don't back down from monsters.
I think that instead of being content like the quote says, we should strive to better our situations.
This person is wiping the steam off a mirror and leaving their finger marks behind.  That always shows.
This photo makes me feel angry because fireworks are horrible for my PTSD and my dog has severe panic attacks whenever someone lights them off. We are not a fan of anything that goes, "boom" or "crackle".
It looks like this man has his fist drawn on the other man, that appears to be on the floor.  The woman behind is smiling.
The furrow in the woman's brow and protest signs make me feel angry and disobedient
The kids in the picture seem distressed and in a bad situation, which makes me angry
these people at the back of this concert can't see anything on stage because everyone is standing up
She looks like an angry singer from an extreme metal band.
a tiger showing its teeth and growling to what is possibly a threat, or to its prey it is about to attack
This is a photo of a third world person leaning on his bike with a load of freight.  He looks so exhausted I felt very angry about the system that exploits him.
The water and mountains in the back are great but the guys ruins the picture.
The Taj Mahal's architect was blinded.  Angers me that a person was punished for such nice work.
I hate when a cat does this because it could be a yawn or it is about to vomit.
too many people have rage and anger issues and feel likes its ok to be violent and ruthless whenever they want
The image of a blue and green same angry man reflects my response.
The neglect of a helpless and newborn baby is criminal in my eyes. Not only does this image cause feelings of hurt, of betrayal, and extreme heartache, it also enrages and angers me that any parent could abandon or neglect their child.
There are probably a bunch of bugs in there just waiting to bite people
The people are holding signs and expressing their opinions on Gadhafi.
This is condescending. The man presenting isnt even looking at the other man.
I can feel the anger coming out of this woman given her very dramatic facial expression.
It makes me angry seeing someone look so angry and miserable. It looks like the lady is growling and it makes me mad at whatever she is mad at.
The girl with an absolutely fierce look on her face, grabbing her hair, looks as if she's had enough, moments right before she lashes out at someone or something.
The dog seems to be biting and jumping around which would be annoying.
People that inflect pain on someone else is nothing but a bully.
The woman in a blue turtle neck is just staring, which I don't like at all.
Hey there is a better way to put al that away ,and it not necessarily be that messy, grow up and keep the world clean.
There is so much trash on the vegetations and on the sidewalk
this brat child is not grateful that her mom is doing the best she can to entertain her and do something nice for her but she is sulking around and having an attitude problem and needs a good spanking
This feels like she is telling him something awful about us.
This guy thinks he's being inspirational or profound, or the artist is. Either of them would be wrong, however.
Its not healthy to have so much of artificial color in kids stomach at such an early stage, parents should realize that there are better things top feed than cake.
This is a photo of a sign in a protest against capitalism.  I was angry by the message, which I agreed with.
The young man has a sneer which prompts me to feel angry in return.
The famous America's Best eyeglass spokesman does not really wear glasses.
The fearful cat, evidenced by the hissing and crouching and turned ears, makes me feel anger at the person who is scaring him or her so badly.
The person is in the waiting room with an aggravated look on the face.  I don't like waiting either.
It makes me angry that the guy is about to hit someone when they are on the ground.
The portrait of the ape-like man shouting or screaming makes me feel anger at the person who concocted it.
You can almost feel this little girl's anger, or at least severe discontent, as she was probably sent to her room for one of the many things children can get themselves in trouble for.
the man looks angry so it makes me feel angry
a baby stares at the camera looking angry but also cute
this looks like an explosion with very black and dark smoke
Although beautiful the billows of smoke form the factory are polluting the air!
The man is dressed as a soldier and is yelling.  War is bad.
He's holding the scissors as a weapon and it's aggressive.
Because I don't like the smirk the guy has in the image and it makes it seem like he is full of himself.
The kid needs a dentist to help them with the upper tooth.
this ape holding the tree is visciously yelling at the ape below exposing its teeth
i don't agree with animals being held in captivity to perform for people. it only harms the animals. places like this should be shut down
I feel anger looking at this. I can almost hear her scream and her anger passes through and hits me. The color is very strong and adds to the feeling.
This man is scowling at someone, it makes me upset and wonder why he is so angry.
The elderly man on the street has a mean look on his face as if he wants to start trouble.
the man looks like he is giving me a dirty look
The sneering woman has writing all over her.  I'd be angry if she confronted me.
The infringement of beautiful mother nature being distorted by large hunks of metal.
A man in glasses is staring at me with a clenched jaw.  Makes me mad just looking at him.
a baby, although cute, also looks angry at something
I don't know if the photographer was was trying to get a create shot of the girls in the foreground or the really moody seascape but both distract from the other.
the sweat from the body of the statue resembles the hardship and pain which one sufferers at the hands of the powerful.
this man in the front has a tremendous scowl on his face
I feel angry at the offensive message sprayed on the wall about a political party
It appears that someone has defaced the public wall.
what in the world is a Tory pig? this must be in another country.
This picture reminds me of the time when I tried to win a prize at the carnival. I got so frustrated and angry because I believe the carnival games were rigged and there is no way you can win.
I am left with the impression that this man is homeless. No one should have to sleep on the street.
these people are protesting testing on animals. They're right to do so, no animal should be tortured for the advancement of science
The street was filled with angry protesters holding their signs.
pets are a big commitment and should not be bought on a whim from a stall
no one knows what is going on beneath that blanket, we just assume she is having a good time.
Because the man and woman in the image both look kind of angry staring into the camera which makes me want to be angry at them.
The guys face makes me angry for some reason
I feel a little angry because the white guy seems to be giving them an ugly look when the other two are being friendly.
The two men are asking the bald headed man some very personal questions which are inappropriate and making the bald headed man very nervous so they should stop doing that immediately
there are people who really starve themselves because they are picky eaters and i hate the drama and nonsense, they should be grateful food is there for them and to eat and stop starving themselves, silly and ridiculous
The blood-splattered journal makes me angry because someone has destroyed a perfectly good tool for writing down one's thoughts.
The people in this picture all look gloomy and unhappy. They must be going to work. Having it in black and white makes it even more moody.
This picture actually makes me angry and scared.  Protests use to be a way we showed our freedom but today they are getting out of hand and people like BLM and antifa have made them violent and unruly.
A group of people angrily protest for their rights, while the opposition ironically tries to censor them.
the woman looks like she's over the whole experience, and that she's frustrated and fed up with something or someone
this boy is throwing a tantrum. his mom said its time to go home and come now so they can get in the car, instead he is standing on the hill making stupid tantrum faces. he really needs his butt spanked.
How does someone managed to look bored and arrogant at the same time?
the cat looks angry and mad, which makes me feel angry having to look at this upset cat
The image looks like it is a tree farm since you can see rows of trees planted which makes me angry because they are just growing trees to cut them down.
The unshaven, tousled hair man is staring and scowling at me, which makes me mad.
She told him not to come home without milk.
The guy in the picture does not look too happy about the picture being taken
These people are indulging in a disgusting, dangerous, and illegal habit of injecting drugs and they are a huge threat a problem in our society today.
Young people are in line with crossed arms.  They look angry which makes me angry.
Because the one duck flapping its wing seems to be attacking the duck in front of him.
The girl laying on a beach bench and listening to music looks mad and doesn't want to be bothered.
that cat is looking back with very piercing eyes and has animous in that expression in its face.
The scowling child has rage in his eyes, suggesting he is either hateful toward the photographer or reacting to scorn.
An image of a monster holding two guns in a X shape with a marijuana leaf beneath it to express hostility and anger.
The image evokes anger given the image promoting gun violence and cigar consumption and drug consumption. The skull holding two guns, with a marijuana leaf below, is representative of cultural decay and ignorance.
The man is a scammer and selling fake insurance policies to senior citizens and he is enjoying it and he should be stopped
Whoever drew this clearly thinks that they're a rebel. Oh boy..so edgy. (I can't roll my eyes any harder.)
It looks as though someone has spilled a dark liquid, perhaps coffee, and instead of cleaning the mess, they left it for someone else.
the very murky and grey hazy clouds has ruined this day of amusement
don't like being given the finger
Inspirational quotes can be annoying when you don't feel like being inspired. This reminds me of church folks and their hallelujahs. I cannot tolerated organized religion, for the most part. But if it helps some deal with their life, go for it.
The two Ducks angrily batted their wings and head butted each other in a show of masculinity.
this tiger expressively showing its violent fangs in an act of aggression
the barrier between the water and yourself is so frustrating, but sometimes boundaries are necessary
Enough with this bullying Black Lives Matter already. I am tired of everyone pushing their agenda on everyone else and blocking the streets while they do it.
BLM prostestors are in the streets disrupting traffic for us hard working commuters.
I feel this way because the young man looks angry
There's a lot going on this picture, the hanging curtain and lamps, just looks messy.
All the garbage thrown everywhere and not in a bag.
At first I thought, "What a mess!", but then I realized that blind support shows all the signs of having fallen down. I suspect the green chair behind the couch is part of an effort to put it back up.
She is bare-backed and swinging her head wildly in frustration.
I would not like someone yelling at me like that.
an animated military officer points and looks angry as he yells
The captain here is obviously angry and pointing at me.
the intense angry eyes and the extra red nose and the body language all together feel like he is not very happy .
The person is staring and has a frown.  I'd feel confronted if I saw him.
I don't like seeing pictures of pigs, because I work at a slaughter house all day long.
The girl jumping up in the air looks as if she's been photoshopped into the beach background and doesn't look genuine.
they think i have some radiant color which is so attractive and glowing ,but all i can feel is a lot of dryness and itching on my body.
This black and white photo of a child who looks rude is very annoying.
A young man tries to wash the blood off of his filthy body after having committed a grisly murder.
This picture makes me angry because I love the beach and I love animals. I hate that people litter on the beach destroying the beauty of the beach and putting the animals at risk of injury or death.
I've seen some good graffiti. This isn't it. This is just the rude, marking up a building kind.
The man looks like he is having fun, but I do not like it when people paint or alter nature like this.
His expression of anger is pretty dramatic and he looks very agitated.
the man grabs his hair in anger and yells
There is a trash can RIGHT THERE. There is no reason for people to be too lazy to throw their trash away.
The young person angrily tore their hair out as they realized that society has set them up for total and absolute failure.
This person looks annoying and is probably screaming too loud. I think I would walk away feeling angry.
The prisoner angrily leered out at the guard just before he shut the door on him.
a black and white photo of a man frowning gives off the feeling that he is angry
This invokes anger in me because it's disrespectful to our government and reminds me of the riot at the capital.
Appropriate years for this gesture: 1965, 1970, 2017.
She has a huge bruise on her face.  I hope noone hit her.
I feel a sense of anger because it appears that this woman has been physically abused
Why do people stay in these abusive relationships? I am angry at both of these people. If it is so toxic then get away. Wait. Maybe this attractive young woman is the victim of  crime. I notice that she is topless. She does not look happy and who could blame her with a bruise on her cheek and who knows what else. Angry and sad.
Looks like the cat wants you to back off
The woman with the white head scarf looks angry and upset, she does not look happy to be where she is.
She is not happy her eyes are filled with hate, bless her soul
The image of the dead person and others protesting for rights evokes a feeling of anger. The sign demanded justice evokes anger in a failed system.
The woman in the foreground looks very angry and agressive.
There is a killer that is chasing this woman who just went out for a jog at night and now she is hiding under a bridge and she is crying and terrified and is wondering if there’s a way she can defeat this killer and get home safely
The child seems annoyed or mistreated, maybe its the filter but it makes me frustrated.
He appears to be in a state of mental frustration.
a man stares into the mirror and has a very frustrated and angry look on his face
The expression on her face matches the angriness of the storm clouds.
The despair in the elephant's eye behind the steel gate makes me feel enraged at people who capture, exploit, and harm God's creatures, especially those like elephants who are capable of such suffering.
it looks like the man is giving me a dirty look
I feel anger becuase I can tell the cat is angry, his face is not pretty haha.
Wrong is wrong. These people should not be made to suffer as they have been for decades.
Protestors are holding a flag and holding signs in the street.  I've been inconvenienced by protestors and hate them.
I do not like the look of the people. They seem sketchy.
These men are protesting for a basic right that they are being denied.
All the pollution spewing from the smoke stacks of that factory is killing our planet!
Anger in the boys' face is seen and felt especially as it appears his plight is being mocked by the men opposite of him. Are they helping him or antagonizing the situation? Neither scenario is clear; only the boy's anger.
this man is held back by his friends and it looks like he is angry
It looks like someone is getting bullied and harrassed by the way they are grabbing him.
I never enjoyed trade shows or assemblies. They're generally more for the benefit of the company. I'm not a fan, particularly when attendance is compulsory.
He looks so very bored with his job, but he should be grateful to have one, and work a little harder to get his free samples out there.
This disturbs me, Im not sure why the artist felt the need to have this childs top straps so loose. Not appropriate.
A dog being left in a car is dangerous and stupid.
The dog seems upset that it is locked in the car. Leaving dogs in cars is dangerous especially if there’s heat outside so seeing this upsets me.
the way this cat is hangning on to the edge looking directly at you is very creepy
The young woman appears to have a black eye, which makes me angry because I assume someone hit her.
The woman seems sad, the make up dripping down the face makes me angry and want to help her.
The boy is upset and frustrated with his situation, he is disgusted by the package.
The intense anger on this man's face, accompanied by the pitch darkness which covers half of it, makes me realize what a dark world I currently live in too.
a man yelling and screaming shows he's very angry
The man has squinted eyes and a wide open mouth.  I'd be angry because he is confrontational.
Ah hate you, ahh hate you, ahhh hate you, ahhhh hhhhhhate you.
The giant, idle bus is emitting a greenhouse gases while the engine is on.
The dark black spots over the cross has desecrated the holy symbol out of disrespect.
The angry gray troll stood next to the lego pirate, ready to defend their castle!
a couple fight within themselves that makes me feel a level of guilt I can't describe.
The face is wrenched up in a mean look and the word "wrath" is written.  Makes me angry to be confronted this way.
This is a photo of a primate behind bars.  I felt angry at this imprisonment.  The look on the animal was so sad.
these orange lights looks like hazy flames of fire
too much smog in the sky can cause asthma, and people really need to consider not being so polluting
This person looks very sad and like in a Lynchian nightmare.
The propaganda, fire and smoke, and red flags at the rally, make me feel enraged to consider how governments manipulate media and citizens to their detriment.
A group of protestors wave around red flags and road flares as they angrily protest for their fair share.
People are rioting and causing damage. I've been inconvenienced by protests and hate them.
It's not clear what's going on, but it looks like someone is forcing her head down.
this woman accepts the abuse from her dad as he bangs her head on the wall to make her comply with his obnoxious demands
The strange titled angle of the hills makes me feel discombobulated.
this woman is looking up into the camera as if she is quite disappointed with the photographer
The yellow monkey angrily shouted out at the other monkeys who had tried to put her baby in a corner.
The died haired overly made up young lady has a mean look on her face which angers me.
I feel that the woman is angry in this picture based off of here mean looking facial expressions.
The two adult men have protest signs and appear to be shouting.  They could be disruptive to my commute.
The tagging of graffiti shows how inconsiderate people are and I feel mad that they defaced property.
I have some anger looking at this photo because on one hand, there is graffiti on the walls, but on the other hand, i'm interested in that there is neat painting on the one.
His disdainful sneer looks directed at a specific enemy.
I'm not sure what the people are protesting but protesters are always angry.
I feel angry because the pile of objects look like they're completely disorganized like it's been tossed around by a child.
This image is dominated not by the backdrop or the figure - whose face is censored, removing expression. It's dominated by the text of the sign the figure holds, which warns about suicides and is penned in red spattered like blood. I get the sense that, as the figure is publicly holding a sign, this is a protest. It's implied, then, that someone was at fault for the despair that led to the suicides, and this fact makes it more a source of rage at the injustice, of bullying or abuse of some kind - than simply sorrow and regret that these people died. Did they need to die? Who drove them to that point? Whoever it was, I too feel hostility and anger towards what they did.
This little kid does not have good table side manners, and that makes me mad because parents need to show there kids how to behave.
The guy has the kind of face that reminds me of serial killers.
This type of pollution will stain the environment for generations to come.
This is kind of a cold take on the unfortunate by some arrogant person and it nauseates me.
The effect of the picture is bad, it could have been a beautiful picture with rainbow above her head.
this cat is showing its fierce teeth as a sign of agression to whatever it is looking at
I do not like anyone using the F word and speaking against God.
The large steel chain trapping the primate against the wooden pole enrages me that people are so cruel to sentient beings capable of suffering.
The woman is posing happily with a thing with police stickers on it which is on because police departments can be so oppressive.
Seeing this black smoke go into the air is upsetting because of the air pollution
The black smoke belching out of those pipes can't be good for the planet.
This is the aftermath of the crazy party at my house last night!
The amusement park is closed due to the an uncontrollable virus that has quarantined families in the United States for many months.
the games are on lock but there is so much fun to have which makes me angry
with his lips pursed and very curt eyes, this man looks very upset
The woman is sticking her tongue out.  Rude.
The child is pouting with her arms crossed.  She needs to be grateful.
The teeth grind back and forth against each other like two battalions soldiers clashing violently in war.
The duck has eyes that are clearly angry because there's a bee on his forehead.  Seeing angry eyes make me angry in defense.
The way the woman's eyebrows are going down behind her red glasses makes her look angry.
two ducks aggressively attacking eachother in a very action packed fight, one has been lifted off the ground
Because the image shows two ducks fighting with each other.
People in Third World countries like Mexico have no pride in their communities and think it is OK to throw trash all over the ground and nobody cares about cleaning it up it is harmful to mother nature
the woman has an angry look on her face as if she is yelling at someone by her
I am not angry in the truest sense of the word, but I am highly disappointed at the choice to edit the true colors of the photo because it looks like it could have been a picture of a nice beach.
The man in glasses was so angry that he was ready to pull his hair out.
The man behind the shutter adds a prison like and oppressed vibe to the image
a way to get kids to like the company but probably hit with some outrages charges only a child would agree to
From the look in the woman's eyes and the unhappy smirk, she seems mad or agitated.  That makes me feel the same emotion.
The man is wide eyed and wide mouth and has hands in a position to strangle me.  I feel endangered.
This guy's expression is fake, and his face just angers me because how insincere it is.
The man is looking and sneering.  I would be angry if he came at me.
I feel that the man looks angry and is grimacing here.
This is one way to emote after being stood up at the theater.
why is the little boy angry ,even when he has his toys to play with. Parents often think that just by giving them toys they automatically care and don't have to worry about other things.
The blurry vision of the shouting man's mouth is warlike.
The man's look makes me mad cause of how savage it is
The man has very angry expressions through his face and clasped arms.
Beautiful lake side view but with any safety or rope missing ,try and look deeper in otherwise perfect picture.
The dogs were supposed to be playing until one bared its fangs.
This women looks intense, she looks like she is willing to go to any lengths to fight for what is hers.
a great quote on a piece of metal to remind you that people are not always good
This cartoon mocking unawareness of spellcheck makes me mad, because I Always get flack for being a terrible speller.
an abrasive act of thrashing and cutting from a sharp serated saw on a block of wood
She seems to be really angry and ready to blow.
the girl reminds me of my own daughter being obstinate and fighting with me
I usually find kid pictures adorable, but not this one. I would never say this in earshot of him or his mother, but he has beady eyes, he's gritting his teeth, and making a fist. I would keep my children away from this child who, if not a bully yet, someday will be.
this child reminds me of my screaming daughter when she's in the middle of a tantrum and it makes me angry and stressed
The young girl let out a loud shriek in anger.
I hate that people have to protest for simple life rights and justice. We have to lose lives to get any type of justice now days it seems.
The woman is holding a sign.  Protestors have inconvenienced me too often.
this hyena with its mouth open is barking and claiming dominance for its location
The ducks bumping into each other look like two boxers fighting in a ring.
this woman has a frown and those are piercing curt eyes
the woman looks angry at being disturbed by having her picture taken
The woman has an angry look on her face, with her lips tightly pressed together, and plenty of lines on her face.
Come on man throw your cigarett butts in the waste bin you litterbug!
these days people are more interested in clicking pictures and showing off rather than enjoying the view when they can.
The plane looks like it is late, as people are sleeping or staring wistfully at the screen. I hate layovers and dislike waiting on delayed flights even more.
The lady's is spinning her head in a wild manner like a wild, crazy snake.
a tiger cat roaring with all its might displaying his teeth
People shouldnt be photographed at work without their knowledge. ALso this probably violates some policy with the information showing on her monitor at her desk,
The guy laying on the ground in prayer position, who I assume is homeless, infuriates me considering that we have an abundance of resources and materials to help anyone in need. Especially within a city.
Naked women are holding protest signs.  Vulgar and irritating.
The bridge structure breaks up the organic landscape.
Her face as she sits and waits is very angry and impatient looking.
post secondary education should be free and accessible to everyone. education is a human right
Protestors are crowded together holding signs.  They are inconveniencing people like me who need to use the road.
The man's eyes and mouth show that he is angered, and it makes me feel his anger
The unshaven man is open mouthed and sneering.  I'd be mad if I saw him.
The guy is screaming as his eyes get big in anger.
The imagery of the gun makes me think of violence and civil unrest
the woman is angry at the world and trying to figure out how to fix it.
The  shelves in the background are a complete mess, and I know the frustration of gaming and something goes wrong. I can relate to this gamer
I feel anger seeing this because this is what i feel when i look like this guy trying to get my vertical audio to work.
The woman is sneering.  I'd be mad if she came at me with that attitude.
A dark faced cat looking in the camera appearing not too happy inspires anger in myself
I dont like the word you fuck and feel angry for it.
This little lion cub looks sad and dirty in some type of enclosure and that makes me mad because he should be free to roam nature as the world had intended.
The woman's arms are crossed as if she is looking for a fight despite her smile.
A woman is filled with so much rage that her only way of release is to yank out her own hair and scream into the abyss, the universal cry of stress, anger, and the overall needing of help.
It looks like someone intentionally broke this game and I find that frustrating
I love wetlands and wish humans would stop ruining them with man made structures. It’s not our land
What is she so sngry about,? She is seething and the emotion is contagious
The woman is sneering at the camera.  I'd be angry if she came at me.
The scene itself doesn't really project an emotion but it has an angry look.
It’s silly but I cannot stand lip rings. I think they’re gross and not hygienic
I hate sitting in traffic but I also hate the way everyone looks sitting in traffic. We get it, you’re not happy
The close up and facial expression of this girl are annoying me.
The bigger dog is violently showing his teeth in a quarrelsome manner.
It's very hard to read the white text on this background, and that frustrates me.
The woman is peeking at me and I see a sneer behind her fingers.
This child has poor teeth which is not her fault since she’s too young to know better. The adults caring for her aren’t doing a great job
The piano player looks as if he is taking out his anger and frustration in the music, and I feel for him.
The woman's face describes to me that she is seeing something that irritates her with her forhead frowning.  She is on a busy street and appears more annoyed than anything.
It looks like this person has been worked too hard and is unable to keep up with the demands of the job
It makes me really angry to see this gorilla all by himself locked up in some type of enclosure because he deserves to be free in nature like intended.
Seeing this person in an entertaining state communicates that anger to me
This picture makes me angry because the big guy has a mean look on his face and appears to be trying to hurt the little ones. And the little ones looked scared.
The long ears resemble horns and the facial expression especially with the eyes and bearing of teeth make me very uncomfortable angry and disgusted at the same time.
An older white man standing up in a blue and white pin-striped shirt makes me stereotype him as an anti-vaxxer who is at a town meeting protesting his "violation of personal freedom" because he's not wearing a mask.
I feel so angry to these man. They are not looking to camera and they doesnt seem sympathetic to me. I feel angry to them.
I just see a bunch of bikes in front of a car. on a bridge. I have had this problem many times before and it makes me angry just seeing it! being stuck behind bikes and not able to pass is so annoying. I cen feel the frustration of the drivers just by looking at this.
seeing this carnivals ride line I get so mad because I hate waiting in them forever. Especially when they are not indoors.
It looks like a window display was broken into. The colors remind me of a crime scene photo
It makes me very angry that he seems so angry at the world.
This person seems like he's overreacting to something
I feel like the text is calling the white women more beautiful than the black woman, and that seems a little racist to me.
I initially found beauty in the different women, but reading the description reminded me of racism in the media
These look like the girls who would bully me in high school.
A crowd has signs and bullhorns. I hate them blocking my path.
I used to have to go to meetings like this every morning.  They look like there having fun but it still just makes me think of all the time I have spent in meetings getting nothing done.
This polar bear sleeping on rocks makes me angry because this does not look like the proper environment for this bear. Human caused global warming has severely damaged the homes of many living creatures.
The Canadian goose seems to be running and chasing someone with an extended neck in order to drive them away, making me feel that someone got too close and upset her.
this bird is staring at the camera with very threatening and focused eyes
My expression is matched with the stone figure in the photo, anger!
The young girl appears to annoyed while at the beach.
the definition of the word anger is in this picture
Seeing this person's angry face makes me feel angry too
The man in the statue is sitting on top of the lion in a way that reminds me of animal abuse.
The tiger showing their fangs while snarling at the camera give me sudden rage
Because the lion is baring its fangs at me and looks very angry.
The boy in the picture seemed to be belligerent and out of control.
an inspirational quote talking about anger and how it overcomes you
The word "angers" appears in the quote even though it's advising me not to feel angry. I feel it anyway due to the suggestion of it.
The slogan is about anger.  I have lots of anger and don't need to be reminded of it.
The girl is sneering and has an open mouth.  Children need to lose their attitude.
The victim looks in pain, and the person behind him looks like a bully and makes me angry.
This looks like a picture of a man being hurt which is anger inducing. How can people treat another human being this way.
From where she is sitting, the woman looks above her with contempt in her eyes and pursed lips, as if she's shooting daggers at who or whatever she has the displeasure of staring at.
The person looks disgusted and judgemental, like they're about to say something mean.
The protestors are showing their anger at something they perceive as unfair.
It makes me angry this abandoned broken down building hasn't been demolished or rebuilt because leaving it their in this state could be dangerous for kids playing or animals seeking shelter here.
I don't think fires are funny and this guy running away, laughing, makes me mad.
this tiger looks like it is threatening another animal that is not in the frame.
a group of protesters yell in anger in support of their cause
I feel anger because the grey paint makes it looks like an abstract piece of art where the artist is very self important.
This man looking so annoying and also I dont like his beard. I feel angry.
It makes me so angry to see a mess like this in any building or home.
Seeing the smog over this city makes me really angry at humans.
The man and woman do not have noses. I am angry because this drawing is poorly done.
This guy looking so angry and it makes me angry. I wanted to punch him.
The man in the orange turtle neck is scowling me.  I'd be angry if he came near me.
The angry birds are always making someone feel angry for no good reason
It looks like the Baby is not happy and yelling,  "give me more candy now".
Protestors are everywhere and even in the water.  I am tired of seeing them.
This cow is not a happy camper when his picture is being taken.
the man looks to be mad at the vegetable and wants to kill it
A model shouldn’t be promoting smoking and that makes me angry inside.
As someone who has broken a million pencils in their lifetime, this picture only brings back those bad memories.
I really hate when the tip of a pencil breaks because you have stop what you are doing and go sharpen it.
The pencil tip in the photo is broken. It is really annoying when a pencil tip breaks in the middle of when you are writing something. That annoys me.
The dog is angrily chewing on belongings.  Dogs don't need to be destructive.
The dude looks really angry. So it makes me feel hostile. Maybe I'm just getting sick of self righteous angry people.
This guy seems so excited and angry. I dont like how he looks and shouting.
The 2 ladies have been held captives in this dark room.
The whole building is falling down.   This makes me angry due to resale value being affected where this building is located.
This should be a beautiful nature scene but the creature in it (a turtle I think) looks sickly and like its habitat has been destroyed or that it is stuck on a rock.
It makes me angry that this poor young girl had to die alone out in the woods with no one there to comfort her or hold her.
What the heck? It looks cold there! They could weaken their immune systems and get sick getting wet like that.
The land is filthy and people just do not care.
This flower drawing seems so unrealistic and I dont like how it seems. I just get angry to its painter.
This picture pisses me off. The look on the festival workers face is very hateful and seems directed at the child.
a vicious dog showing his teeth looks very angry
you can feel the frustration of these protesters. It is never fun seeing people that are appressed.
The cat hisses "This is my chair, dammit, go get one on your own or I will scratch your eyes out".
Give the kid the toy already, it's mean to tease them.
The industry is polluting the air and it makes me mad that they aren't shut down until it's fixed,
Seeing companies pollute the earth like what you see in this picture makes me very angry.
This factory polluting envirtonment and releasing gasses to atmosphere. I am so angry about the owners of the factory.
The man is looking at the camera with an angry expression on their face
The man's visage gives the hint that he is upset about something.
Old man looks with a grumpy face that says he is not very friendly.
the cat on the right is frowning at the camera
The cat looks very angry on the right. It makes me feel bugged.
Looking at this picture with the people dressed the way that they are incites anger in me because I believe that they look like idiots dressed this way.
The man in the Lakers shirt is screaming.  i'd be mad if he came at me.
This picture makes me mad because I think it is sick and wrong to kill animals and hang their dead bodies up. I find it gross and disrespectful.
A red flag and a workers fist show anger against rights seemed wronged
this man is frowning and is scrunching his eyes and his wild hair
This city seems so polluted. I am angry to those who polluted air and cause this bad air.
The girl has her arms crossed.  Children don't need to be pouting.
this lion is looking off in the distance stalking its prey
the dog in the background is chasing the one in the front in order to attack it
I dont like how this man looks. I just wanted to punch his face.
The woman sitting on the suitcase is looking angry like her vehicle stopped on her and let her down.
this cat is hissing violently at something off camera
this person on the horse has violently killed that animal with his shotgun
Group of people acting immaturely and with goofiness that is unbecoming.
I dont like it how they kill bulls by spear. It is very wild and annoying. I am angry to those.
a person is upset about the actions of another
a very dark night with black clouds on a non descript town
This photo is so blur and not understandable. I am angry to those who take or edit this photo.
This guy looks angry because he missed the bus and I would be very mad about that too.
The man in the too-big jersey has arms crossed in a confrontational manner.
this wolf is staring and directly stalking its prey with intent focus
this cat is staring intensely in the camera with a very negative energy
The boy is looking at me with an angry expression.  He needs to lose the attitude.
The dandelions are ready to invest a lawn soon. Makes me very frustrated
Woman is gabbing her hair with a look of frustration and agitation on her face.
Grabbing your hair like this is something people do when they are extremely frustrated or angry.
This lady may be thinking that someone is trespassing on her property, large snow shoes in front of her.
The man's annoyed expression on the phone reminds me of all the times I've had trouble dealing with customer service agents, which can be angering.
the man looks very irritated as he talks on the pay phone at the phonebooth
this man is expressively speaking with his hands and is frowning
her look is that of anger and thinking of probably doing something bad
The swan almost has an angry expression on its face. Like its attacking.
There is obviously something very wrong going on. The anger reaction is because nobody is assisting this person. I hope things turned out alright for them.
I don't understand how people can pray and make offerings to a statue.
The skull looks angry and menacing. Ready for a fight.
The cat looks to be irritated by something
this fox is barking and showing its very sharp teeth
it angers me that the young child is wearing a hoodie and backward hat and has a scowl on her face
this penguin is looking quite intently and sternly into the camera
People gather to protest something they do not agree with.
Its more annoyed than angry, but all the fakery, and glitz and crowds, i would not want to be here.
I don't like anything about the expression particularly on the man in the foreground. Don't like tape across mouths... and that the first guy's says Tame with a question mark. He looks angry and nasty. Bold red background makes me feel angry as well. Wish I could read the last guy's word but it is too blurry.
the man on the right looks upset that he is being forced to be in this picture
It bothers me greatly seeing any signs of abuse, especially bloodshed.
I feel the frustration in the womens faces. They are fighting for something they believe in. I want in.
People are shouting and holding up a sign.  I'm tired of protests.
The masks on the kids is getting to me, I am not mad they are wearing them, I am mad because of all the negativity COVID-19 had thrust upon all of us.
My heart hurts for these children...this should not be happening in the 21st century.
The yard looks on kept in the vandalism has to be frustrating.
A beautiful brunette woman gives off the vibe that she is not happy by squinting her brows and not smiling.
Woman looks angry and frustrated. Her face seems stressed and puzzled.
the man seems to be very angry and this makes me feel angry too. he looks like he is shouting at something above him.
I am so angry to this man. He seems so aggressive and antipathic.
The man's expression is angry and confrontational and puts me in a state of agitation.
a man yells in outrage as he looks very angry
The man looks as though he is angry at someone.
The wiring looks unsafe and would be a potential danger to someone.
this machinery looks neglected, and now i feel like its my job to fix it! Grr
The statue has not been looked after well as leaves grow over it
The policeman is pointing at me.  I'd be mad if he got in my face.
this cat is frowning and looking into the camera in cold and frigid manner
these look like very stormy clouds with a deep dark orange color hanging ominously over the landscape
The women are sitting in a submissive position that reminds me of misogyny and gender bias.
The old man makes the viewer angry because it appears that he is up to no good as he is smirking.
Nature and mans infringement on it. You see progress of pipeline in the wild.
this cat is meowing in a savage manner showing its fangs to the camera
The cat in the box is definitely angry because of it's facial expressions.
Why has society created such an industrialized society, no more natural beauty.
the woman with red colored fingernails puts her hand into a fist
this is a very tightly clenched fist ready to pounce
The clenched fist makes me think of frustration or anger.
This image is evocative because of the numerous epithets and slurs scrawled on the locker door.
these very darkish grey clouds have a tremendously negative affect to them
This photo makes me feel angry because of the figure in the middle being crucified. I am sure that is Jesus Christ and I know that He is no longer on that cross because He has risen and Lives Forever. I feel like showing Jesus dead is a mockery and a slap in the face to any true believer.
The girl has her arms crossed  I'd be mad if she came to me like that.
Lots of full black bin bags and rubbish just thrown at the curb side it's gross.
I can feel the anger in the child's face as his eyes are frowned and his teeth are clenched.
i feel this kid's anger as he growls and seems mad at something
The boy is sneering.  I don't like children with attitudes.
The house has been left to rust as dirt lies on the floor
This beautiful city can't be seen because humans had to smog it up.
this cat is hissing with all its might exposing its fangs and claws
The woman has a look of rage in her eyes. Like she has been wronged in some way.
Woman looks like she is yelling with extreme frustration.
The promoting and temptation to do drugs can be felt and it makes me mad.
The woman looks angry as she shouts something to someone.
This girl looks like someone hurt her which makes me feel angry and upset.
Its hard to be overwhelmed by sickness
The child is pouting and I don't like attitude in little kids.
The room looks in disrepair the individuals look like their potentially drug addicts or lazy.
This makes me angry because woman holding writing is suggesting that she wants more dead soldiers.
The sign makes me mad because it is saying to do something good which is praying but for dead soldiers. It makes no sense in my opinion.
This woman is total garbage...why would anyone hold up a disgusting sign like this?
The men both seem combative and angry for some reason.
Whoever left this trash is disgusting...why people can't have more class than this, we'll never know.
This looks like trash or food waste. Waste makes me angry.
The outside of the building looks dirty and not well cared for.
It looks like the torture of being laughed at
I hate those stupid inflatable dancing things, they make everything else look tacky.
The image seems to be unclear and in disarray. The colors are bland and lifeless.
It looks like the woman is not being listened to in a protest of something she believes in.
I hate seeing older, unhealthy-looking people smoking...it makes me angry.
The girl has a look of complete frustration on her face.
The mural shows two sharks with angry expressions.  Art should be positive.
A power lines show man's overtaking of nature. Progress has a price for sure.
the dark rainy clouds over the bleak ocean carry a very negative emtion
Drawing of a slaughter during midieval times where people are not allowed to read certain books.
It looks like this man is about to kill a man and his wife. The wife looks like the wife might be trying to save the man, she might be spared. It's scary to think that times were this violent in war back than. So up close and personal and no remorse.
The man is about to attack with an axe.  The victims are helpless which is bad form.
While I don't know why this man looks angry, I can almost feel his emotions as he talks on the phone.
The look of annoyance in the man's eyes makes me think he's angry at the person he's talking with on the phone.
I feel like the person in the costume would harass me to take a photo with them for their company, I can smell the costume and feel how itchy the fur is just by looking at it.
The signs in the picture saying Obama’s been lying frustrate me as our country is politically divided and neither side is better than the other
The people protesting seem ignorant and hateful. It's rather upsetting.
I am angry about the guy who arrested. He probably do something wrong.
The cops are walking a man in handcuffs down the street.  They should be more discrete.
This woman seems so bad and have a bad gesture. She make me angry to her.
The woman is snarling.  I'd be mad if she got up in my face.
He looks like a mean dad yelling at his kid, this makes me very annoyed and mad with him.
Because it's an ugly picture with darkness too.
a man in a black t-shirt flips his middle finger while covering his face
Someone giving me the middle finger always causes me to be angry, which is unusual because its such a silly gesture really.
The man is making an obscene gesture.  I'd be very mad at him.
The women clawing the side of her head in frustration, or possibly a headache, makes me feel angry and frustrated too.
this looks like santa claus with roid rage eyes frowning looking to punch someone
Because I'm not a big fan of those little tiny dogs that bite your ankles.
The message of "cruise ships go home" remind me that mega-corporations are exploiting local lands for profit.
a family looks like they might be fighting or angry with each other from their body language
The judgey faces makes feel like I'm the one being judged
The lady's tense brow incite a sense of internal conflict or furstration.
That man is giving me the stink eye and I would absolutely give it right back.
I don’t like the facial expression of the man peering around the corner
this man is squinting his eyes with animous intent
The way some of the words are quite difficult to see and it just asking somewhat boring questions make it not very enjoyable to look at.
The woman's rumpled hair, angry face and snarl make this feel angry to me.
Sheer anger us oozing out of every pore of the subject in the picture. That in turn makes me angry thinking was is causing it
the dog in the front looks like he was woken up prematurely by the dog in the back
It looks like the guy in the red is bothering the woman in the white. It bugs me a bit that he is pestering her.
The woman laying in the dirt looks very angry about her situation.
The wood pecker is on a branch.  My house has been damaged by woodpeckers.
she looks like a bored and entitled young person, she's wearing a peace sign ring, but she's probably not peaceful
These white girls have an expression on their face that they think it's funny to be taking a picture with this black man. I feel uncomfortable with that.
The man is hammering is keyboard.  What a waste of money.
I can feel the anger this man feels as he's about to hit his keyboard with a hammer
The sign says that you can't run. What is the point in playing laser tag if you can't run or even jump. Too many rules.
Girl behind the smiling beatiful girl looking so angry. That makes me angry to see angry faces.
One woman is giving a mean look and upraised fists to another.  Anger is the right reaction.
The image is crowded with a lot of lines and movement. There seems to be debris around, and the scene is chaotic.
this girl is clenching her fists with all her might
I don't like that the little boy is angry.  Why is he angry?
The man's mean face, his age, and his beligerent gesture all remind me of far-right groups and their weird rallies.
It angers me to see all this trash in the lake because it is bad and dangerous for the living things in the lake and also bad for the environment as a whole.
This has the potential to be such a great photo but it is so blurry I can’t see the person or surroundings.  I feel angry that this quality is being portrayed.
this cats eyes are curt and it looks like it is scowling at the cameraman
I have 3 dogs and don’t really care for cats. They’re so difficult
this gorrilla looks fierce with its fangs showing and its mouth open looking like it will attack
When I see this picture I feel anger because I cannot stand people just drawing all over the cities.  Defacing public property is a crime.  It is NOT a place for your artistic expression.
The man is upset because the ATM machine is not working.
A snapshot of what is wrong with humanity. A person in distress, empty bottle in front of them, and nobody cares. I wish I could tell them it will get better, but it probably won't.
this chicken is frowning pretty hard and has laser focused curt eyes
This man looks like he is protesting and fighting against something and I don't like that.
The man is shouting and raising his fist.  I don't like being confronted.
That looks like someone broke into the shed! The jerks!
it looks like someone broke through that door and that upsets me because someone might have to pay for that
It looks like the guy is forcing the kids in the picture. I would be annoyed and tell him to leave them alone.
I feel angry when I see things not organized. It looks like the window was open an unattended. Air rushed in the room and blown out everything in the room. I always hate this kind of situation.
The kids look like they are performing for an event, or they are on a class trip. They are dressed up in some kind of animal fleece thing, with white and black colors. There are other kids around them dressed in green. They annoy me with how excited there faces are, especially the one with the thumbs up.
The mother and child is protesting the Circus' practice of animal abuse.  This is a powerful image with their solemn faces.
I feel the anger of the family, circuses are inhumane and unethical.
The animal appears to be locked in a cage and sad. It’s me frustrated when people abuse animals
The dog is behind bars and has such sad eyes.  I feel sorry for him.
He is shower such great anger that it makes me feel angry also.
people dumping their rubbish and graffitiing the wall like that makes the street look terrible
I feel anger because the image shows a man baring his teeth and showing an angry expression and showing the middle finger at the camera.
The anger from the man in the picture makes me angry.
I get very angry when people dress this way, it looks like she is the devil herself.
the cat in the back is violently biting the cat in the foreground
The image seems like a man laying down and will  be angry or will get up being angry with the way it’s portrayed.
I'm wondering what he's going to do next. And if he's breaking a pencil at me, it makes me wonder if he'll want to start a fight.
Something about this image elicits anger in me. Is it the clenched fists or the broken pencil?
Breakung a pwncil in 2 is something i do when i am angry and reach the end of my rope
That boy just seem annoying and I just wanna punch him for his hand move.
This makes me angry because plants and manufactures are destroying our water sources.
The tension in the air is like a razor blade slicing through my calm, as I watch the two ladies consider how to best take out their anger on each other.
Because the image shows two women arguing up close while a man holding a sign is watching them so more than likely it is some type of protest rally and seeing them arguing makes me angry.
People holding protest signs and the posture of a couple of women expect me to hear mean words and see violence.
I am jealous because I no longer have my boat
this cat is giving the biggest side eye in history to the cameraman
Feeling angry because of the no camping sign.
he is sexist and racist.
I have seen this rat costume before, and I don't like it. It looks cheap, and the head looks more like a ferret. It's goofy smile annoys me. There is a advertisement on the black shirt that says " redtouch media', and there is a women standing next to it smiling.
this is a very dark picture at night with menacing clouds in silhouette
this man is pulling his hair out in frustration and clearly screaming
a man pulls at his hair looking frustrated and angry
The grainy, green/sepia quality of the picture signals hastily composed rage from the angry face
I feel bad for this man, who is honoring his fallen brothers. But I felt a stab of anger about all the lives lost and suffering that happen when people are forced to go to war.
The sayings in front of the picture make me feel mad and angry because they are so hurtful.
Feeling angry because the child all wrote all over the magazine.
I hate it when someone feels the need to destroy a book, especially when it is a textbook and any other education materials because they are ridiculously expensive and someone else could've used it
the way this woman is holding her head in her hands and her dark evil stare into the camera
a woman grabbing her head has an angry look on her face
Seeing images of trash and garbage everywhere makes me furious.
Two people are preparing for a photo and behind the window is a mannequin of the grim reaper. It gives a mischievous feel, making me feel anger.
This young boy laying on the brown bench is taking up the entire space, and that annoys me.
These poor kids! I understand that rituals are important and that this isn't really a sexual or perverse thing these Rabbis are doing, but I'm really sad and angry that it's caused so much pain and suffering for these babies.
Disturbed and perturbed a studious woman looks out at that which annoys her
this dog is being restrained by a leash as it clearly wants to attack what is out of the frame
These people look like they have been camped out here for a long time and they are not even close to being at the head of the line.
The angle of this picture annoys me! It is poorly focused and doesn't properly capture the moment. It could have been such a nice shot from the side.
This young man is surrounded by other men his age laughing and drinking. He looks uncomfortable like he is being hazed.
This is an abomination.  A buddha like statue with the features of an Asiatic-Black woman with a swastika on her chest makes me angry
I don't like how sad this animal looks laying there trapped.
I can feel the anger and seriousness on this women's face, but I'm most angry that this woman is a Ron Paul supporter.
The expression on this woman's face looks so angry. The name on her face makes me think she is at a political rally. I hate the way politics have divided America and so this makes me angry.
The lines over his head gives an angry vibe.
This looks to be some type of Charlie Brown picture where he looks very mad, and there are days I can relate.
The stray dog has been left alone and abandoned.
The man is frowning.  Don't know why he is giving me a bad look.
I've never particularly liked insects, but always found praying mantises to be interesting. That is until I found out that they are known to eating hummingbirds.
the two kids on the back have very negative faces and clearly do not want to participate
this man is clearly pointing at a very small child out of frame and upset at him for not following the rules of the pool
These two girls seem like they’re bored or too good to be taking this picture. I wish they would look like they were enjoying themselves
This guy looks to be taunting the cameraman and seems to be acting very disrespectfully.
I feel angry that his pointer finger is so close to personal space that it is in my way and interferes with my enjoyment of this view.
With the furrowed brow, crossed arms, and tightly drawn mouth, the man looks angry himself and as if he is judging me for something.
this mans are are squinted with his arms folded
The man in the image looks angry, so I am angry too. Nobody is going to get the best of me with that approach. With arms crossed and eyebrows down, I dare you. Come at me buddy. That green background is a lovely color.
This guy looks like he wants to fight, and it raised my immediate need to want to fight back. I felt my brow furrow and my mouth turn into a scowl.
I wish people would respect others' property. There's no excuse for graffiti.
This kid is screaming, and there's filth on his face. He looks like he doesn't want to leave the park.
I just feel intimidated by this guy so i am angry to him and want to punch him.
I don’t like black and white photos. I don’t like when pictures are filtered or altered from their original form
This image shows a woman pointing in Anger at someone on the road.
The woman looks like she is confronting me. It makes me feel anxious and defensive.
This lady looks angry like she is fussing with someone which kinda gets me hype and nosey like i want to know whats going on
a tiger opens his jaw and it looks rather angry
I just feel discomfortable and angry for this badly taken blurry photo. Take a better shot and share it. Im angry
A crowd is at a protest.  I've been inconvenience by protestors and it is maddening.
I dont like the way the holes are arranged where the head should be.
The pile of litter in the tall grass looks like it has been there for awhile, it angers and upsets me when people litter because it's bad for the enviornment.
It looks like this kid stayed up all night playing video games and is refusing to get up.
a baby yelling as it has finished its food and clearly wants more
The font and color of the plaque are not that great.
Looks like a little brats not getting her way so she’s throwing a fit makes me angry. Don’t like that when that happens.
This is a beautiful succulent but it annoys me that it is off center in the phote. It is irksome!
The depiction on the picture is deplorable. Showing two news hanging ropes and discussing gay rights is upsetting
Religion used to justify someone's homophobia really winds me up.
I hate this idea that people have, that their religion gives them permission to hurt and attack other people.
This image is infuriating because it's literally advocating for the execution of same-sex couples, all based on what's largely considered to be a bad translation of an ancient book not everyone even believes in.
I hate Adam Sandler and Jack Nicholson. They're douchebags, and I don't like this movie.
Pointless cinema (such as 'AngerManagement') just anger me for their colossal waste of time.
I am afraid of clowns because of the movie IT
Because I’m an Eagle Scout and things have gotten ridiculous.
It just bugs me cause of how blurry it is, cause it's trying to show emotion but I can't fully feel it if it's blurry
The players look like they're going to attack one another, and the woman seems scared.
The clouds and the barbed wire makes the place feel like I'm trapped and held against my will.
Because it's a wiener dog that might bite your ankle.
I get angry when I see angry man or animal. These two angry animals make me angry.
I dont like the looking of the guy. I also didnt likehis mustache. I just want to kick him.
I am angry because I hate when kids ruin pictures. You are paying for them.
I don't really like seagulls, having had too many bad interactions with them. The sign looks kind of dingy and the Ferris wheel is nothing special, so I didn't care for this picture.
This looks like a carnival game and all of these types of game are rigged.
I am so confused by this picture. I do not understand it.
The work area appears to have been torn up, and all that was left behind was a mess, instead of it being cleaned up. This makes me feel anger.
The image insist in controlling your emotions and the displaying colors are not joyful to look at.
this looks like the cab of an abandoned truck with the dashboard broken and grafiiti on the windows
it looks like someone vandalized the bus and that makes me angry because people need to ride the bus.
with all these people in the street it almost looks like a riot
The man is scowling with an open mouth and I don't want to be in his wake.
Seeing the grimace on the mans face makes me angry like he wants to fight me.
This is calling for anarchy almost, and I do not like the violence it incites
The crooked, vengeful font of letters sprout up like peasants lifting their bloody pitchforks, ready to overthrow their king.
The man yelling looks very angry and it makes me feel upset too.
a cougar showing dominance by exposing its teeth to demonstate its ability to become violent when necessary
This person looks like they are very angry at something and are going crazy at the results.  I would not want to be around them
This stark black and gray photo of tall city buildings under an angry sky looks really aggressive.
The man is rarin' back with a guitar.  Smashing instruments is sad.
This woman seems to be releasing such much needed pent up anger with this piercing scream.
a girl screams loudly showing that she is extremely angry
The scene looks hazy and hot like it came from hell
This picture is so blurry and I cant see what is really in it. That makes me feel angry.
this very gigantic red queen looks like it is yelling with its arms straight up
The image upsets me because someone neglected this beautiful building and allowed it's condition to deteriorate.
This cat is clearly not amused at what's before them - their anger bleeding over to the viewer
a cat growls and looks very angry as it's focused on something
Because more fake business pleasantries.
Though the image itself isn't really inspiring, there's something oddly powerful about all those people looking up at you. The ones that aren't, you can simply observe. I'm not sure I like this feeling for such an ordinary scene.
The round sign with the angry face drawn on it seems that it puts you in a bad mood.
His expression just makes you feel his true anger.
I hate people wasting food and this homemade pastry looks delicious. So why is it in the trash can?
This young boy looks like he's throwing a temper tantrum, while playing put put, and that makes me mad.
I feel like she had missed many putts, and her frustration is growing, so is mine
I am angry because kids shouldn't have to go through these movements and changes. They should be protected.
Stop that! You're going to get hurt!
He's sitting there thinking about how he messed up last night. And that brings about a very negative memory for me. I can just bet what he did to mess things up.
This annoys me looking at the blurred picture of a brown field, with some tree's in the distance. I can't seem to make out what else is in the photo.
It makes me angry to see these casualties of some unknown war sprawled on the ground.
This woman is in a good car, wearing nicer clothes. She seems upper middleclass. She reminds me of a Karen.
Posing, displaying, signaling sadness are all a mockery to chronically depressed individuals.
this hyena has his head down stalking his prey very coyly
The person's facial expressions presents a very angry attitude.
The character on the right looks like he is being threatened
The person is wearing a rat costume, and wearing a advertisement for some media brand. This is stupid because the costume doesn't look good, nor does it make any sense.
I am angeted at this pic wondering whether she got the bkack eye from an abusive husbsnd!
The white leopard looks angry like someone is bothering him? Maybe he didn't want his picture taken? He lays on his rock with a expression he is mad at the world.
this is Walter White scornly with an angry face and pointing and yelling
The man is pointing and his mouth is open.  If he came at me I'd want to fight.
I'm not sure why this woman looks so angry, but her anger is infectious.
The woman's brow is furrowed and she appears to be yelling.
I guess there's a trapped feeling to this photo, the way the man seems to almost claw at the picture and the screen like effect of the texture that has been applied.
The image evokes anger at the sight of an angry mammal.
People are on the street with a protest sign.  I've been inconvenienced by protestors too many times.
This woman is pouting in the middle of nature and I get angry because I want her to appreciate it more.
The hair blowing in the eyes of the lady are like a rake scaping across marbled floors.
I am not sure why this causes anger, it is simply a piece of art that does not appeal to me.
The picture makes me feel angry because the colors are too bright in the image and hurt my eyes looking at it.
The guy on the right has a nose that I just dont like.
This image shows a young man protesting in Anger with a sign that says Goldman suck.
The message on the cardboard signs reminds me how corrupt the big banks are and that something should be done about it.
I'm not scared of bugs, but I always get annoyed and angry when they buzz around me.
People in orange shirts are gesturing and sneering.  Not a nice look.
The pond looks like a pathetic excuse for a waterhole. It also looks busy, and I don't like that. I want peace and quiet when I'm out in the boonies.
I feel upset for this woman as she feels abused
I feel anger, but the anger I'm supposed to feel. I definitely get the impression that this woman has suffered, but has broken away from the person that has caused her suffering, so I feel anger at that person.
The wolf is snarling at me.  I hate unruly dogs.
The Cheetah expresses it anger at the lack of food as I express my anger at the lack of fairness.
You can see the anger in the woman's face and the way she's holding her hips with both hands.
The person's noticeable anger rubs off and I can feel it.
The black woman has a big mouth and is about to disrupt the crowd.
The girl looks like she's frustrated at something an adult did or said to her and I'd like to stick up for her.
Because the girl biting in anger.
this tiger is laser focused on the cameraman looking intently and planning a mental attack
Maybe cats just always seem angry, but the look on this guy's face is particularly disgruntled
I feel anger because the image shows Simon Cowell with a smug look on his face standing next to a woman and they are posing for the picture.
Big fancy schmancy house and all that land sitting there just to look pretty...
The smog has thickened and the people caused this to our environment.
I do not like the looks of this guy. He looks like he might be some kind of con artist.
A crowd of protestors with a sign.  I've had to detour too many times due to protestors.
a man stares at the camera has an angry look on his face
The man is staring at me with mean eyes and clenched jaw.  I'm instantly on guard.
a couple stand silently with other as it seems like they were angry and might be fighting
The man has his arms crossed which is a sign he won't listen to me.
I think it’s rude to sleep in public and have your feet up
I agree with the subject of this image.  I feel sympathy anger.
The crowd in the picture it looks like they were angry and frustrated. They look like they are trying to make change and I feel like they are probably in need
this animal is aggressively barking at something with dark and stern eyes
The vibrant contrasting colors with the torn and peeling paint surrounding the hole gives me the impression of anger and distruction.
The fact that her hair covers her face for such a nice picture is such a waste.
This painted figure looks upset that he has fallen backwards.
The graffiti animal has sharp teeth of a rabid wolf.
I feel anger radiating from this poster boy.
I feel anger radiating from the man’s face.
looking at the guy sitting and being frustrated makes me feel tense looking at his face
These costumes seem a little racist, or at least culturally inappropriate.
This image makes me feel angry. The man has an evil, angered look in his eyes. He appears to be yelling.
The man is scowling and has an open mouth.  If he shouts at me, I'll be angry.
This girl with her camos and sad expression is tired of the war and just wants to go home.
It's probably not this gentleman's fault, as I don't really know the topic of the conversation, but something about the way he's hunched forward and has a smug expression makes me think he's trying to sell me something, and it immediately raised my defensive hackle.
This little girls face looks like she is very angry at someone or something because of her evil stare.
this fox is laser focused on the cameraman ready to pounce
This young man looks very indifferent and like he is full of himself.
the way this kid has his arms folded in disgust
I don't like the idea of someone who feels like people are trying to stop them from doing something, like the guy with the t-shirt, but who resist anyway.
She has the look of being mad on her face, so it makes me feel angry.
While this person seems to be pulling his hair and screaming he looks very angry!
this man is about to grab and pull out all the hair on the sides of his head
I feel angry that someone put graffiti on that pot for plants.
The angry look on her face transfers to everyone looking at it.
The way the man is looking over at the other man looks like contempt and it makes me feel upset.
The man's face expresses anger. This is mostly seen through his eyes, but he also appears to be yelling.
The drawing of the disturbed and angered man makes me feel mad as well
His shout brings out a feel of anger and argument
The cartoon man has a wide mouth and squinty eyes.  If he came at me, I'd be mad.
This guy is obviously being hazed. There's something on that plate that they're smearing all over him. Terrible experience for anyone.
I feel scared, sad, and angry all at once. I feel a disgust that makes me want to revolt against whomever it is that has this designed this image as it speaks to a very dark, disgusting fetish that debases women, mothers, daughters, sisters, and self.
The list of slave owners by state, and the notice that one in eighteen southern whites did so, is disgusting and infuriating as no one should own another human being.
The woman in this photo has an angry look on her face, and I feel her anger.
The woman is scowling.  If she came at me with that mean look I'd be mad.
I don't like these guys' macho vibes. I feel like they could be unwelcoming.
The nature of the blue face provokes feelings of confusion and anger. The text graffiti overlaying it increases the feeling of confusion
this grafiti picture has bugged out eyes and looks like its yelling
The sign points to the right tunnel as “one way” but it is being blocked by the gate, which means I would have to turn around and figure out another way through.
The monkey should not be in the cage and should be free in the forest.
a girl grabbing her head and screaming has an angry look on her face
this dog is agressively exposing its teeth and charging the camera to attack
The burned ground next to the camp equipment angers me because they could have started a forest fire.
The Cat says "I am sleeping here".  I was here first.  Go away.
The feelings from this image could encompass a few different emotions, including sadness and disgust, but I will say it makes me angry that people litter and treat the natural environment this way.
Why do some people have no respect for the environment? It's not that difficult to pick up after yourself.
i think the guy on hood is angry with the other person on stage.
People are holding protest signs.  I've been inconvenienced by protestors too many times.
The woman in between the men on the train make me feel like us women deserve more in life.
This photo makes me very angry. The people out here protesting ought to get a life.
I don’t like Protest brings out the worst in people.
These people are opposed the proposition.
This picture instantly makes me think of what is happening with the country of Afghanistan and our 20 year effort where we lost billions of dollars and soldiers lives in a strategy that failed. I know this is probably not children of Afghanistan but it was my first thought.
The guy on the right is being a real a-hole and is a total bully.
The guy at the right make me feel angry. He seems so angry and annoying.
In the photo the woman's expression seems almost thoughtful and angry, with the way that her cigarette is positioned it points more towards anger. I feel myself angered as well the more I glance at her.
A woman and two men are in a room and one is pointing.  Pointing is impolite.
the red wall with holes in it make it seem like someone was angry
That guy seems so strange and provocative. I just wanted to punch him.
The little kid does not look very happy and the way that they are clenching their teeth causes me to feel angry too.
Something about the bat being swung conveys a feeling of anger to me.
I dont like the bird's look to me. I just wanna kick him and feel angry.
a reporter disingenously asking a corporate pion about his business
I feel really upset that it looks like someone left the dog here
The woman in the drawing has a very angry scowl on her face and that transfers her anger onto me. Just like seeing someone smile can make you smile, seeing this woman angry makes me angry.
The cartoon has a scowl and clenched jar, signs of aggression.
The couple is expressive with their hands.  I feel there is tension and a reason to fight.
Grown ups in animal costumes are creepy.   I do not like them.
Abject poverty is apparent in boarded up buildings mired in decay
It looks like the person is a child who is homeless and begging which angers me that could ever be allowed.
It sickens me that people can walk by another human being who is obviously suffering.
This man looks very stressed and very upset about something.
The sun shining through the window hitting the person in bed shielding their eyes from the sun evokes memories of me waking up too early because my room was not dark enough. I dread those days when the morning sunshine interrupted my slumber like it did for this individual. On such days, I should have been wearing my eye shades like the green eye shades atop the book on the window shelf in this picture that the individual forgot to wear. I am angry at myself for being so forgetful and interrupting my sleep on those days.
This image feels a little exploitative of women in a way that makes me uncomfortable.
I cant understand what is in the picture and that makes me feel angry.
Although they shouldn't, disinterested youth (this one waiting in some sort of terminal) really irritate.me. This is a character defect on my part.
it appears the man is about to set the backyard on fire
I feel angry looking at these snowboarders doing tricks outside in the snow as I hate being cold and I hate the snow.
When you are in a rush but the bus seems to be taking forever.
Anger is what I would feel being at a game i don't care for, i dont like watching it either.
He should be riding on dirt or a track so he’s not tearing up the grass
The kid playing on the picnic tables alarms me that the parent(s) are too busy taking a picture of him than to teach him not to do that.
The one soccer player isn’t playing fair as he fouls another player making the viewer feel angry towards them.
I see the frustrations as he waits for his ride.
The couple in this photo does not appear to be on very good terms at the moment.   The man seems upset and the woman appears to be perturbed, which leaves the viewer of the photo almost able to feel the arguments they must have just had.
Greyhound racing is a highly immoral "sport" that should be completely illegalized everywhere.
Horses deserve to run free and not run with people on their back
one of the worst chores is ironing clothes.
To be waiting with tons of other people for  a train can be extremely frustrating.
I feel anger because everyone is outside in the rain when they should be inside.
I find being scolded like this very degrading, and that makes me angry.
The persons hair style makes the viewer mad as they are obstructing themselves from seeing on the stage which may be dangerous as they preform.
The cigarette smoking men all over the place. The sad looking animals standing around (possibly getting ready to be taken to slaughter) and in the center, is this little boy whose expression is pure misery. He should be laughing and playing and he looks miserable.
To work construction by yourself can be very frustrating.
The man looks very upset looking toward the camera and it makes me feel hostile
I think dolphin should be in the ocean and not in captivity
Taking phone calls during time off is really infuriating.
All the garbage stacked up makes me mad about how wasteful that humans can be.
I used to be a manager at Best Buy and we worked a minimum of 55 hours a week. It was awful
I am angry and sad that this very pretty lady is being used to sell cars, as if her attributes have anything to do with the effectiveness and desirability of the car.
Hey! Be more careful about messing around on your skateboard near people who are playing!
The man fixing the bike reminds me of a breakdown at an inopportune time
The biker was unprepared and had an accident on the road making the viewer feel enraged towards him for his misfortunes.
Dude, safety gear is a must when you're working with tools and wood!
I don't really like it when animals are fighting. They are clearly playing, even though you can see the dog bearing its teeth, but it is usually noisy so I would tell them to STOP!
There is not much I hate more then doing yard work.
This person has pretty lame tattoos and really wants everyone to see them which is funny to me.
this makes me mad that someone does not want people to have access to healthcare
Fisherman take their spots, solemn along the edge. Their prey are innocent. These men will kill today. But for what? If only a hook could fall from the skies to tempt them into oblivion.
I would not want to be in the water in Canada. It is too cold.
I feel angry because clearly there is about to be some large fight between political ideologies based on the American flag in the background and the upset demeanor of everyone involved.
I’ve spent many days doing backbreaking labor in the hot sun, I feel for this man
Washing dishes was never one of my strong suit.
The guy behind is pushing the other runner.
The wall is full of graffiti, I don't know if these drawings are allowed by the owner but it doesn't look good. It spoils the aesthetics of the wall steps.
It's just a bunch of useless graffiti that's ruining the building.
I feel anger because it looks like the two dudes on the podium are laughing at the chick who is holding the mic and that doesn't feel right.
The two old white men are looking lasciviously at the beautiful black woman.
The sight of an officer in uniform makes the viewer mad because of the spread of police brutality that takes place destroying nation after nation.
Yep I just realized that I have to walk around wet all day. Like so angry you just skip the whole grieving process.
Shoveling snow is a tough job, and I would be angry having to shovel all that out.
The man is a rude individual for trying to kick the woman.
Carnival games are so difficult to win.  I refuse to play now because they are so disappointing and I get frustrated and I don't want to ruin my carnival experience any more.
The fact that nobody is helping this man move the couch is infuriating.
The little girl with the white skirt is way too young to work, that annoys me.
This poor guy is playing music for spare change the woman isn’t even acknowledging his existence.
I feel anger because the shirt the man is wearing is very disrespectful.
The words on the man's t-shirt are unpleasant, it's annoying.
The out of focus view across the waiting man makes me feel hot and irritated waiting to a taxi from the airport.
The two people in the crowded gondola comparing matching tattoos are disrepecting the personal space of the other riders
He should really be wearing a helmet. It’s not worth the risk
I can imagine waking up every day at 7am to the sound of these construction workers paving road
If this is a military event the person with their foot up is being very disrespectful
I feel angry because this random guy is proselytizing on the street corner makin a spectacle of his ego and the judgmental nature of his faith, actively trying to impose his ideology on others against their will.
I find people who try to push their beliefs into other's faces with signs like this to be irritating.
I hate how these greyhounds are used for sport.
It's clearly daytime and she's looking into a astronomical telescope. If she's looking at the sun then the solar filter is on the eye piece which is dangerous as it can crack with the heat and let light through. Whoever owns the telescope should know better.
Construction always makes things move a lot slower so that's always annoying and makes me angry.
I feel like I'm trying to take a photo of this building and this guy is photobombing it.
A guy on a sidewalk dressed up in a santa claus outfit, with a mexican wrestling mask, wrestling belt around his waist, and white horns on his head. He looks dumb, and this annoys me.
there are not any waves to surf in this calm sea.
To see a line like this in front of me would be very discouraging if I were trying to get through.
I do not like crowds and the sight of so many people crushed together under a bridge just brings me anxiety. The air also looks dirty which adds to the effect.
He doesn’t look like he’s trying to get any business while he’s sitting here on his phone doing zero
This photograph makes me angry because the woman in the photo looks like a woman that my ex-husband had an affair with.
I don't like it when puppies are sold like this. Usually in  a flea market type setting and can be left in those cages under the table for hours, regardless of the weather. The cages on top are usually birds or rodents and suffer the same conditions.
The woman has a mean expression on her face that makes me angry too.
The woman looks like she is angry
I don't like to see animals used in human sports because they are often treated cruelly.
I would be upset to find all kinds of building material leaning against my truck.
The child in the image holding a gun is dangerous which gives a feeling of anger.
This reminds me of all the corporate presentations I’ve had to sit through throughout my career. It’s in mind waste of time
The girls are trying to take an exciting photo but the one girl has her face pressed up against the glass which is rude for the shop owners as they have to clean up her smudges.
I don't like seeing military and all of their resources and materials when everyday people suffer.
It just reminds me of war and the military-industrial complex that basically runs the world, and ensures that the world will continue being a terrible place.
Why does there always have to be conflict in this world?
Nothing about the woman or the kid. The logo on her shorts is University of Indiana. I have very negative associations with that college.
This looks like people hogging the road for a photo and that would be annoying as a driver
That man appears to be stealing the ornaments off the tree.
The boxers face is written with anger allover,the audience is in fear of who will be hit.
This looks like a movie is being filmed, which having lived in New York City and Washington DC (both locations where a lot of movies are filmed), reminds me of all of the times I have been inconvenienced because of a street, block, etc. being closed for filming.
This reminds me of the British Royal family and they are racist
It seems like everywhere you go someone is trying to sell you something, can’t you just go out and explore anymore?
The runners in the photo seem to be taking up a large portion of the walkway which gives me the feeling of anger.
This looks to be a poor old woman having to clean up graffiti. This gives the feeling of anger.
this makes me think about sitting and waiting for the train in a busy station
I hate seeing those types of so-called sports that only make pollution while wasting gas.
Like I had the perfect view of the ocean until you stepped in the way. You turn gold to dirt.
The head scarves don't look Afghan or Taliban, and I don't see any weapons, but it still makes me a little angry.
The two children are naked in a bath in the photo, that offends me a lot.
Because the dog is forced to run and have their snout caged which makes me feel angry
This appears to be two people arguing about business or some type of work related issue which gives the feeling of anger.
The way people treat those poor animals for entertainment is infuriating.
The man is bothering this women making her talk to him which is harassment and shouldn’t be done and you can look at the girls face as she is displeased by the situation.
This appears to be a woman that is upset with the man holding a beer, which gives the feeling of anger.
The strange architecture is not appealing for the viewer and the crowds of people are daunting to see.
This restaurant is so full reminds me of the waiting line.
This man looks like he is stealing that bike, I do not trust him at all.
The girl in white that is at the counter looks like she is barking orders in an impolite manner at the woman working the counter. The other woman in the foreground is rolling her eyes...probably because of how the nasty customer is talking. Love the look of boredom, though, on the face of the girl in blue.
The man and woman in this photo appear to be upset with each other looking at each other with an angry expression, giving the feeling of anger.
That little girl is being naughty by standing on the shopping cart like she is.
I like that most cultures treat their elderly with respect and as important to the society, we don’t do that in America
The people are marching in some sort of demonstration, and the signs indicated they are upset about homelessness. Homelessness is a big problem that troubles society, and a lot of people just don't care about the fate of the homeless at all. Seeing the people marching like that reminds me of this big problem, and brings to mind feelings of anger over how much this issue is ignored by most people.
Sometimes you have to march for what is right.
He is selling something not properly for sure.
Knowing these men a stealing gas out of cars from hard working people that earn a living makes me   mad
The way the young girl is smirking with her eyes closed makes me think she is disrespecting the woman talking.
The person in the middle of this photo is wearing a scarf and appears to be upset about something which gives the feeling of anger.
How can anyone do such horrible act to a dog?
You just remembered that you let the dogs out with no doggie bags. You are the joke of the event and you don’t like it.
A kid is walking the streets, and lifting up his right leg exposing the sole of his shoe. He's where a cut off sleeve shirt, with shorts. His facial expression annoys me because it looks disrespectful.
I do not enjoy watching horses used in sport, although the riders would have a lot of skill often the animals get hurt
The baby could get hurt sitting in the bag unattended.
The guy in the middle of the picture has this extremely depressed expression on his face while the guy in front of him dressed like a police officer is smirking, and the contrast between the two makes me angry, like there's a disconnect between the protestors and the police there, and I hate that.
The woman looks so mean and angry for such a beautiful day.
Photo of a man smoking a cigarette on the street. I guess he's Asian because his hair color, skin color and face look like that. This man is quite short and has a beard, he must be a smoker so even on the street he still smokes. I hate smokers because it harms health and affects the atmosphere.
I feel mad that the man is smoking so close by to the crowd of people who might not like to inhale that second hand smoke
Slow traffic and jams are the worst thing in the world.
I'm not sure for certain, but if that is litter on the flor it is disgusting that it was dropped and makes me cross people don't have more respect for their surroundings
How can people stay so close to the river knowing there is danger.
No boy should work this hard at such an early age.
Loading bricks into a truck can't possibly be a fun job.
It upsets me when I see kids on their bikes all by themselves.
Seeing the bull taunted by the matador makes me angry. It is just an animal forced into a game by people, pointlessly chasing after the red cloth. It puts me in mind of animal abuse and callous disregard for their welfare.
I despise seeing an animal (the cattle) being chased and trying to be lassoed. The fear that the animal must be experiencing is cruel. The two men so tall in their saddles look like gigantic jerks - proud of their "manliness". They are in control - of the horses they ride and the animal they hunt. Hate this.
The woman's face and gestures makes it appear as if she is hassling a worker
Because the two woman look like they are arguing and its a tense situation and this type of tense situation has effect on me where i am tense too. My shoulders are up to my ears type of tense.
I don't like seeing anything that is a symbol of war like these battle tanks.
I feel deep anger and spewing vulgarity. We live with such anger and hate these days.
I think the signs portray blatant racism and ignorance, so it sparks feelings of anger.
You can feel this young baseball player's anger as he begins to argue with a member of the opposing teams who has recently reached base.
The image elicits a subtle feeling of anger through the evident frustration displayed on the face of the female individual featured in the photo.
Taekwondo is a rough sport with direct contact fighting like the one seen here, which I don't like.
I'm angry that the person who smoked those cigarettes didn't put them in a garbage.
it's annoying to talk on the phone in a loud place
Seeing a large group of bikers makes me angry because they are annoying and loud
The graffiti on the walls makes me so upset and angry I don’t understand why people go out and ruin things with spray paint like this
The image elicits a feeling of anger because it is upsetting to see a military post armed with missiles that is situated so close to an amusement park.
This are fancy luxury boats and it makes me upset. It shows the excesses of society where one buys boats for fun while not caring about the struggles of the rest of society.
The angry and furrowed brow reminds me of all the horrible customer service experiences I have had, and I absolutely hate it.
I really hate protesting redneck people like this they are probably Donald Trump supporters
I feel angry because this crowd looks like they're fighting for something and I want to know their cause.
Looking at your bruised and bloody face in a mirror, and saying, this abuse has to stop.
For some reason his expression seems like that of a con man
What a rude message. I hope they are good friends and it's all in jest.
Don't tell me what to do, you suck it you painted nails sucker.
If governments, farmers, and corporations would just read that page, it would help prevent droughts, dust bowls, and desertification.
This image reminds me of the pain and suffering that needless war causes.
This guy looks especially smarmy from the smirk on his face to the way he is holding his hands.
The anti-Israel protest reminds me that there are people and nations that selfishly want to control other people and nations.
the guy is posing in such a fake way, it annoys me
The shopping cart parked by the street sign looks like it was lazily left by someone
this girls face makes me feel anger cause thats the emotion she emits
I would be angry if I were lying there wide awake and couldn't sleep/
This picture made me feel anger because if I were in the place of the player in blue I would get angry that I got hurt.
I am angry at society that we still mistreat people enough to warrant protests like this
The glow of the reds and the inability to see her facial expression make he think its a negative call
Many in the walking crowd have raised arms/fists and some look angry, which suggest this is a protest march. I emphasize with them.
The guys facial expression and the reflection of the neon lights instills you with the guys anger.
I don't like to see Graffiti on a no parking sign in some European city
I hate this photo as it is ugly and messy
the expression on her face makes me want to relate with her and i feel anger.
Tigers are beautiful creatures and should never be caged.
This guy seems to be very mad at this other guy, and it makes me angry that he just sits there and takes it from him.
The image elicits a subtle feeling of anger through its candid display of a slightly frustrating, but small traffic congestion featuring a car that appears to be awkwardly protruding into a line of oncoming traffic.
These protests often turned violent and disruptive and that makes me mad and fearful.
This image makes me feel angry because it looks like they are looking for something that they cannot find which is very frustrating
The image elicits a feeling of anger through its downward-angled capture of a scene featured by heavy traffic congestion in the middle of what appears to be a very busy city street.
Why have they placed a statue of buddha in the jungle. That is disrespectful.
I feel angry that this man can get so thin.
Young people should never be influenced by tobacco products, which clearly, this girl is.
This image shows a close up of a man who looks not too impress or happy.
It makes me mad that people disrespected this old stairwell with their childish grafiti.
Seeing a Mormon on his mission makes me mad, they are so dang pushy.
A subway/train door with a bicycle sign on the door along with graffiti which angers me because there is no reason make public property an eyesore.
I feel angry as it seems like the cops are harrassing the homeless man
I hate when there’s a bunch of pigeons just flocking around trying to get food or whatever you have just like this, They are annoying
This man’s tie is on backwards or really twisted and it is really irritating me
She looks like on of those psychics.  They always give people false hope.
The girl look like she just caught the guy king something he shouldn’t have been doing. And he look like he doesn’t care.
Seeing so much garbage discarded and piled up in a public area makes me extremely annoyed.
the man is interviewing someone and looks stressed out
The tone and tenor of the graffiti on the ground reminds me that there are selfish people who think everyone should pay attention to them.
Why would anyone want to impeach President Obama, oh the white guy wanted to
I feel completely lost and with no direction. I have no idea where I am or where I am going.
Not another office party oh they are so boring
I'm annoyed because I believe this is a misleading statement. Wall Street plays it smart and everyone has the same potential.
I don't quite agree with these slogans printed on white board the protesters are holding.
Makes me angry seeing the girl showing vulnerable.
The woman is obviously mad with that wrinkle above her nose and she's getting ready to make a rude comment to the girl on the phone.
I feel angry because kids nowadays are obsessed with watching these shows. My kids too! And it reminds me of how they would want to spend hours watching these instead of going out
It makes me angry to see so much trash lining the city streets because people are too lazy to use the trash cans.
This makes me feel anger as the caption of the image on the wall is offensive and insulting. It is contradicting because the Pope supports homosexual people.
Why would someone leave this on the ground. They should know better to dispose it in the right way.
The woman on the right looks so mean that I want to just smack her.
The image elicits a feeling of anger due to the intense and hostile stare depicted on both the face and body language of the female character featured in the picture.
A clenched fist with red nails just seems very angry. I hope she's okay.
This makes me mad to cops as they might be bad
These generic advice pictures are often posted by terrible people to make them feel better about themselves.
I agree with the people in the crowd and I’m angry the US is in so many wars.
The expressions and placement of the workers on the scaffolding indicate that they are calling bad things to people below.
Sterotyping this older, white male with a beard and a corporate outfit makes me angry that he's probably a Wall Street, conservative Republican, anti-vaxxer; not to mention he's in a social setting without a mask, putting everyone else at risk for COVID.
People standing in the street holding signs annoys me.
I hate road construction it is so annoying and causes so many accidents and time delays these guys are the worst thing
The men are on their phones while eating instead of enjoying the food and time together.
This makes me upset because deforestation is what is causing global warming on our planet we need to watch out for mother Earth and plant more trees
The girl's frown made her seem angry at someone or something.
I feel what these protesters feel, and think the Irrawaddy river is too polluted, too.
there is too much plastic and it's too confusingly shaped
This man is very close to the camera and looks like he is angry which makes me angry.
The damage to the room of the bedroom as me angered remembering all the things in my house that I have had to fix from damage like this.
This looks like a nice view, but all of the graffiti makes me angry.
This major road construction must be snarling up all the traffic in the area.
This annoys me. They are acting like they have no class and are trying to be tough guys. It looks stupid.
the facial expression of this character and the two colors used, gives me a sense of how different anger can feel inside of each person. it has me relate and feel things inside myself.
I would be very angry and upset if I lived in the snow and had to go outside and shovel every day
The gentleman are all playng either games or texting in cell phone i cant tell which. But it makes me angry because its vey rude and i have had that done to me before,when people were supposed  to be listening and didn’t. Later on after it was over it hurt my feelings too after i dwelled on it.
This bus usually has a place for me to sit, not today though, not happy
Waiting in line is such a boring experience and all these people are stuck in line.
The skyline in this image looks smoggy which makes me angry about the damage humans are doing to this world.
i am made at these men for disrespecting this beautiful woman
The anger in this lady's face is pslpable and contagious. I only wonder what caused her to react thus way?
I feel annoyed at the woman because it's a beautiful scene with glowing sunlight, and she's looking down at her stupid phone.
Humans will upset mother nature so much, that one day mother nature will protect itself by upsetting us.
I get mad that this man is trying to hurt this mans business, we don’t know if he is even telling the truth.
These two men are having a lot of trouble with their bicycles from the looks of it and I would be very angry and upset in the situation as well
I can't understand why people litter.  They are destroying our planet.  It's so disgusting.
Seeing trash on the ground, like this Starbucks cup makes me so mad that people just can't be bothered to throw their trash away.  They'd rather let it rot in the street or for someone else to deal with it, it's the height of entitlement.
This makes me very angry to see an animal hurting and bleeding.
I dont like cops, so seeing them makes me mad to think they are really just thugs.
The money spent on the professionally printed protest signs and protest t-shirts could be used to pay the rent instead of protesting evictions. It is sickening that these people are doing nothing to better their situation. Move to some place you can afford.
Returning an Eagle Scout Badge is not a light matter.
Seeing that man holding that animal by the horns confuses me as to way and makes me think it may not be for a good reason.
the man in the hat looks really angry
The image elicits a feeling of anger through the frustrated and scolding stare displayed on the face of the female individual shown in the photo.
The boy looks to be in shock or anguish while surrounded by grown men, making me feel as if he's their target of something nefarious.
People that push their opinions in public wearing signs and shouting out really annoys me.
Racing greyhounds is inhumane and cruel and it angers me to look at this photo.
Mad that in this city that people would just overpile and leave their trash on the streets.
WHY DO PEOPLE HAVE TO BE ON THEIR PHONES ALL THE TIME, THEY SHOULD BE TALKING TO EACH OTHER.
The woman walking towards the camera looks so angry
The tense hands on the gun and his stance makes me feel like someone is about to be hurt.
I believe this is the world record relay team from the South African special Olympic team; one of the runners was eventually convicted of murdering his wife.
The property could have been managed well.
It’s quite literally written on the paper in angry black lettering.
Is kid shirking his responsibilities to play more video games, kids today.
the construction and arborist crew is blocking the street
Its ok for someone to have a view on something but let people do what they want whether black white gay lesbian just mind your business. Leave ellen degeneris alone.
I would be very upset and angry if my car got stuck in the snow and I had to get out and push it like these people
The mouse with only one button looks very frustrating to use.  This may be a case where form defeats function.
The plane's company is Delta, a horrible company to ride with.
This image of a lady applying mascara simply reminds me of my makeup routine which I absolutely hate doing.  It takes too long and sometimes makes me feel frustration and anger.  In my opinion, she looks to feel the same way.
Don't bother ordering a burger, this restaurant's kitchen is empty.
She has a very angry look on her face which makes me feel kind of aggressive and angry as well.
They make  me feel angry because they look like trump supporters. Ruthless people that dont care about anyone but themselves
I do not enjoy these types of decor, it’s to busy for my eyes and makes me feel like I am in a painting I can’t escape from.
I would be upset and angry with these two workers for making me wait so long to grab my luggage and get on my way it doesn’t really look like they know what they are doing or have any kind of organized plan
It reminds me of going through construction zones and those are a nightmare for all parties.
Photo of two guys arguing over something, their faces looking angry and unhappy. I guess there was some friction between them and they were arguing to win over themselves.
I dont like dealing with these sidewalk performer people, they are so pushy and force you to take pictures and then say you owe them money! It is basically a scam!
Nothing makes you more frustrated than living in an area with serious construction and traffic because of it! Good grief!
A man in a work vest, holding a stop sign, usually means road delays, which is frustrating.
Someone has littered all over the place making this a horrid image as the pollutant around the world are becoming worse.
I feel angry when I think of how much pressure is put on juveniles and college students who play football and the pressure put on them.
This picture makes me feel angry because that dog does not look comfortable in those clothes.
Being stuck in traffic on a rainy day is the worst.
This photo of a professor doing some very hard Math on a chalkboard makes me angry because of how difficult math is for me to do in general.  I spent a lot of time trying to understand it in school and it didn’t come easy, so it does bring back some old memories that make me mad!
The kid is pointing really close to the other kids lip.
She looks stressed. I hope the passengers aren't giving her a hard time at her flight attendant duties.
I am not angry at the image, but it invokes a feeling of anger that my car broke down, when i needed it.
Those young guys will be our enemies some day.
This makes me angry because the types of vehicles depicted always cause so much pollution.
This woman looks to be drunk and pointing and laughing, it looks somewhat annoying to me.
Smoking has a long term bad effect on human's body, smoking in a public place gives me a bad vibe too.
I just feel like screaming "get out of my way, people!". Not enough space. Too many people. Not much wiggle room to maneuver around everyone. Irritating.
It looks like the man with a can is turning around to check out that young girl.
Player in white jersey does not care if hit the guy in red.
Everyone's faces are so stern I feel that this is a serious part of a play.
It looks like some privileged white person has invaded some families space in a developing country.
This picture evokes anger in me.  There is an obviously impoverished family sitting along the roadside.   They are watching this seemingly privileged girl looking down at her phone oblivious to their plight.
No, Mom.  I am not going to eat all these french fries.  I don't like them.
The woman has the same look as my co worker when she is ready to argue.
I cant help but feel a little annoyed because of this photo, I don't like when people snap pictures of me without me being ready or wanting the photo.
The white lady looks like a karen who will yell at the black individuals.
This dog has no chance of catching something as fast as this deer, but really the owner should have the dog under control
I do not like the fact that there are so many power lines.
Photo of a group of people standing in the street, they were probably arguing about something. I don't know what happened but the other couple didn't look very happy and they were arguing about something. I hate controversy because it's quite noisy.
These kids are up to no good as they go to steel a basket from a local shop making the viewer angry.
While my strongest emotion when looking at this picture is anger because of the situation these people are in. It also makes me feel happy and a little excited, happy because we live in a country where these strikes can and do make a difference, and excited because it possibly did.
It's a pretty, scenic background with the green pond but the man has his arms folded and his face has an expression of irritation and displeasure. Almost like he is angry at the person taking the photo. Seems like a jerk.
It looks a weird place to stand without lights.
Whenever I see any kind of construction it makes me angry because I don't remember the last time that I have been somewhere and not seen any.  Also, the guy in the picture seems to be standing around and I see that frequently.  This picture reminds me of construction that takes too long to be completed and anger is the first thing that comes to mind.
Woman walking to work wondering when the construction will ever be finished.
Photo of a guy with curly hair eating apples on a street corner. His face wasn't happy, I guess he didn't like his meal, maybe because it's quite small.
I always seem to find mass transit (especially busses) to befrustrating and none of these people look particularly cheery.
i feel like this woman does not care about the art as she has a drink and is touching the art, how rude!
The woman looks stressed, possibly angry, with whoever is on the phone call.
This picture makes me geel angry because I think rodeos are cruel.
Everyone looks like they just left an extremely awful day at work.
A sniper in a public residential area where civilians living nearby.
The store is too crowded and wait line must be long.
Looks like three people doing a presentation for some financial firm. Saying it makes me angry is probably too strong, but I only have a few options to choose from- how about 'weary of the world'
The man is cleaning up obvious debris...lots of it. Possibly careless litterbugs. But the boy in the foreground has on what looks like a Red Cross t-shirt - and that makes me think this could be a disaster area clean up. Regardless, someone having to clean up other people's messes... wrong.
This picture makes me angry because the vehicles and environment just scream pollution.
The woman looks made like she is about ready to argue with someone.
She is oblivious to where she is walking, what is around her...just has her face glued to her mobile screen. What an idiot. And she has a self-important air about her. Don't be so full of yourself, lady.
Dogs are rarely used to herd cows, it is more likely this dog is causing trouble and bothering them
Someone messed up with 100 yards sign and it is confusing.
Photo of a group of people sitting on a park bench. They eat, drink and litter around it looks very dirty. It will make the place polluted. They really don't have a sense of protecting the environment and preserving the landscape.
This makes me remember how I hate the feeling of being rained on when you were out doing something fun, what a shame to waste a day off!
I don’t like yelling and it looks like he’s yelling into the mic
I do not like photography in public. Anger comes when I see this girl
The baby girl is thinking "I hate this, just let me go to bed already?"
Anger comes when I see him traveling too high.
A look shared by many well dressed young men the screams disappointment and unhappiness with what they have just heard. Something is amiss.
This photo looks photo-shopped and in poor taste.
The photo shows a group of middle-aged people holding a protest against something. I see a sign raised saying ''hands off class size'', I guess this is related to education, they are probably teachers in the school protesting against class size.
This photo angers and upsets me as it appears to be a child that is homeless and sleeping under some kind of structure, like a bridge.  I wish I could provide him with the food and safety that every child deserves.
This person looks like he is a nefarious character. What is he pointing to? Who does he represent? What is he talking about?
Children in a cage, like a dog's crate, is disturbing in so many ways.  Awful.
It's annoying when a child is constantly being fussy like this.
I think rodeos are abusive to animals; it looks as though the horse is scared.
He looks a bit upset which makes me feel uneasy.
He looks as if he is about to say something negative or is talking loudly. The background is dark and people are around everywhere. Makes me think it may be loud and he looks drunk also. It makes me think of when someone is talking and you want them to shut up.
There is too much wildfire and people should not build bonfires.
I feel angry because I can't go out to eat at fancy restaurants like this these days and it makes me upset because a hot plate of well-cooked food that I don't have to grudge over making myself sounds like such a perfect treat right about now.
I feel like I am waiting for the signal to cross with the people in this image making me have a little anger stemming from anxiety.
This photo makes me a bit angry because I always get frustrated with how organized sports are handled; there is way too much violence and crime around them, and people get hurt way too much.
I usually don't like my pets getting on to the bed.
The people standing around in the middle of the ocean on a raft confuses me, and the man off to the side angers me because I want to know what they are doing and why.
A woman glancing over her shoulder and with a frown on her face causes me to feel anger from the thought that she might not be happy with something that someone said or did.
I think hunting for sport is abominable and the fact that these digs are carrying the duck prey back to the hunters angers,me
This image makes me angry because it reminds me of poor people and how they are not as fortunate. This person looks lonely and tire, and it's not fair.
I am not angry , but this man at dinner is, and it gives me a small feeling of anger at this guy because he is angry
This person looks angry and the whole crowd looks angry and it makes me want to be angry.
I am mad that a picture like this that exposes the woman's underwear was taken.
Person looks to be reckless and in the middle of the road trying to capture a photo.
The man standing in the station looks unimpressed and upset at the man he is staring at.
Why is the dog attacking the search and rescue guy?
The photo shows a few men on a train, I guess the train is quite crowded so their faces don't look very happy and comfortable, I also feel uncomfortable with crowded places.
Police man doing what he does best. Looks like he is sleeping on the job and ready to fill his quota. Get a life, hack.
I feel angry when looking at this equally angry man riding his bike, I envision that he is angry because someone took his picture without his consent.
The glare of the sun off her paper makes me thing they are uncomfortable working there.
I feel like the boy is running to paint more graffiti on walls which would make the walls look unloved.
This photo gives me feelings of anger because I see a whip in the man's hand and I can only imagine he uses it on the horse and how painful that would feel for the poor horse. I also feel anger because I can tell, my several signs of body language, that the horse is stressed and not comfortable at all with this performance.
I feel angry because nobody needs any of this party consumerism stuff that just gets thrown into landfills at the end of it anyway and wastes people's money, and to boot it also makes kid's whose parents can't afford these trivial items feel unloved.
This woman is carrying something that looks very heavy for her, and it makes me mad that no one is helping her.
It makes me feel like I'm being recorded without my consent.
The dog is bearing his teeth and biting at the cat that is peacefully laying on the sofa.bed.  This makes me feel angry and anger in seeing another animal get hurt.
Assuming this picture was taken in the last 18 months -6 feet apart, people!
People sleeping on the job are suppose to be working to make sure equipment do not cause an accident or get stolen.
The photo shows a lot of people standing on the street holding signs to protest against something related to taxes, they are protesting with the government. The rallies are often crowded and I don't like participating in these demonstrations.
Road closed means someone life just got more difficult.
I am angry because someone is letting this baby cry. She needs soothing.Where us a grown up
People not only not minding there own business but pushing it on others is annoying.
This invokes to me the feeling of frustration and anger. I can feel the peoples frustrations about taxes and why they are protesting.
The dog has made a giant mess of paper, tearing it apart all over the owners bed.
I feel anger because it looks as though an elderly man has fallen asleep in his chair in a very public area where he could easily be taken advantage of and nobody is looking out for his wellbeing.
The photo is of two men in black coats and standing on the street, one is holding a cigarette, I don't like smokers because it's not good for health.
Is this a rescue scene? Lots of pollution here with the shop spitting out all the smoke.
As a black man, I immediately get angry when hearing about some form of abuse by people in power toward black people
A man and a woman who look like they are tourists look angry because they are grimacing and have their hands folded up. It makes me angry because we can control how we respond to situations
The dark haired man sitting legs akimbo next to the short haired woman in the pink shirt with her arms crossed both emanate anger with their expressions and posture
This image is pretty disgusting and makes me so angry because I believe these men are staring at women walking down the beach and one appears to be taking a picture of them.  I think it is normal to look but what they are doing is disrespectful and behavior like that is so disgusting.  Also, their bathing suits are horrendous.
RaCing digs is one of the cruelest things you can do and the sight of these greyhounds muzzled and running makes me irate
How can anyone allow these dogs to fight against each other?
A kid holding a gun, hiding, and smiling while pointing it, makes me angry.
This image of a man on top of a building holding a gun appears to be aiming it at someone or something and that absolutely makes me so angry.  I imagine the worst things come out of a situation like in this photograph.
I can feel the frustration and anger on the protestor's face, which makes me want to stand int solidarity with them.
The people in the picture seem to be protesting an injustice and with the injustice of our time, I can relate to the upset.
Loud snoring on a plane is terrible when your trapped!
Why does the man have to flaunt such a disrespectful message?
One of these kids is going to fall down those steps and get hurt, where are there parents at?
Why don't people just stay home and be safe during the pandemic?
the man and woman on the ends are looking at this guy in the center like they want to attack him
This picture of a what looks like a bull and young boy getting ready for a rodeo makes me angry to see.  I do not like these types of events because I feel that there is a lot of mistreatment and disregard of animals for the entertainment of humans.  Sometimes I can't even look at images like this because I get so upset and angry.
This gentleman looks like he is trying to ignore that hungry little bird on the ground.
This image makes me think of all the damage humans are doing to the environment and how upsetting it is.
There is trash all over the ground as two men in orange suits work to get it cleaned up. It makes me frustrated that people could let the ground get so dirty instead of throwing their trash away.
All the trash and litter is ruining the image for me.
The loud penetrating noise from the jack hammer actually hurt my ears and really caused my immediate annoyance
I really hate how much people spend on landscaping, its unnecessary and not good for the environment.
the photo shows a group of people crammed into a car, the car looks old, the car is crowded and cramped because of the people in it. I hate crowds and jostling like that.
The photo shows two guys with a car on the street, one guy is working hard to fix the car and the other is taking pictures. If they know each other, I think they should help each other fix cars.
The photo shows a black man in a blue shirt sitting on a bus and looking at something, his face is quite annoyed and fierce. I feel a little scared when I look at him. I guess he's tough.
People are not careful even with a caution sign on the wall.
The newborn in this photo looks like the epitome of anger to say the least.   I don't know if he is hungry or just upset because he has a wet diaper, but he has clearly had enough!
The way that the women is walking very fast and holding onto whatever she is very aggressively, for some reason these elements contribute to making me feel angry.
I feel like the woman to the left is photobombing someone's picture.
The water on the ground is full of trash and its sucks for the people.
The guy doesnt seem to want to be photographed because of his eyes.
Sitting around and waiting for transportation can be very frustrating.
The man looks like he just had a rough day at work and now something on the train is angering him.
I'm just giving back what I'm getting; that man does NOT want his photo taken!
I feel angry seeing the two dogs with unnaturally pink coats.
That banner talking about the terrorist attach conspiracy makes me feel so angry. So many lives were lost and they are distracting from that!
This map looks extremely confusing to me; I don't know if I would be able to find my way around using it.
This man in red seems angry at the other man in yellow.  He seems like he is in the wrong and i feel angry for the man in yellow.
Violent protests make me feel angry. People need to use their words instead of attacking others physically like two year olds.
The lady in the front acts as if to avoid an argument with the other lady
The photo shows a short-haired girl in a black dress leaning against the wall and smoking, I don't like smokers because smoking is very harmful to health and air pollution.
The photo shows a man with a cigarette in his mouth, with a black turban on his head looking like a monk, and his face looking annoyed about something. I don't like his outfit, it's quite confusing and his expression is also quite annoying.
This image of a cowboy riding a bull makes me very angry.  I think rodeos are so wrong because I feel like they torment animals.  They make them have miserable lives and the fact that can be prevented makes me angrier.
The 3 men seem to be leaning on security rope and look to me like they are getting in the faces of the security guards or whoever the officers are.
The red dirt being removed from the road by the yellow backhoe reminds me how much construction is being done in my neighbourhood. I hate how long it takes me to get where I'm going, which is why this picture makes me feel angry.
I dont like the weird look that the the guy on the right has.
These people are burning Israel's flag. Now I'm not sure if they are Israelis or if they are mad at the Israelis but you should never do that to something as sacred as a flag.
A concrete hole and a machine in a residential neighborhood...all I can think of is the noise and irritation of being awakened by the workers. Plus, it looks like it might be sewage related - so that can't smell good.
The construction equipment reminds me of how much I hate waking up the sound of noisy construction.
Two men look closely at the front tire of one van outside a shop, as if something is wrong with the car. I can practically feel the frustration and discomfort as the bright sun beats down and they try to figure out what is wrong.
The guy on the right looks like a person that I dont like.
Although the dog in photograph is very adorable, the situation is such that the dog can get hurt by the cycle. Such an irresponsible act by the cycle rider is making me angry.
Maybe this will explain my anger. I was recently hit by a young man on a motorcycle in traffic. I was sitting still in the median and the motorcycle was out for a joy ride. Weaving in and out of traffic at 100 mph while popping  a wheelie. He never saw me. Brought his bike down just enough to smash into the front corner of my van. The driver's side was hit so hard the battery flew out about 12 feet they said on the scene. The motorcycle crumbled on impact, parts everywhere. The dare devil was catapulted 365 feet. A lot of broken bones but alive.
The anticipation of waiting in line for a fair ride can be frustrating
This photo of a professional horse race makes me feel very angry because I feel that these animals aren’t treated properly, and I think they are being used only for human entertainment.  It also infuriates me that a lot of them are forgotten and disposed of after injury or retirement.
It looks like a really beautiful space in nature being destroyed by a bulldozer. I like the rocks mixed with the grass and the stream...and then this big metal monster has to wreck it.
It looks like nature is being destroyed by the machine and I hate it.
It makes me cross when people have to dress provocatively to sell things
I dont like the look of the guys lips pushed together.
The face in the photo gives off a very childish feeling and in a way is making fun of the person walking in front of it. I would be extremely upset if my photo was taken infront of that.
The horse in this photo does not look happy at all and the rider may be in the process of being seriously injured.
The determination and panic of that dog chasing down the other dog for stealing his fish is a little upsetting. Hopefully he is able to catch him and get his lunch back.
These two are really proud of the way they just destroyed  mom and dads bathroom. Having to tear out the tile and paint is their punishment.
The woman looking at the fruit seems really picky and the women trying to help her seems frustrated.
Why would you treat an animal this way?  Makes me mad seeing this.
the homeless person sleeping there makes me angry because it is a social problem we could solve if we tried
The image of the passengers leaving the blue, white and yellow coloured Ryanair plane makes me angry because I am reminded that I am unable to travel right now due to pandemic flight restrictions.
The lady is dumb for wearing heels out on that canyon.
One man is asking for help, and the other man is ignoring him. I would help that man
I'm angry that the rich man is ignoring the poor man who is asking for money.
There are too many groomsman compared to bridesmaids.
The guy on the left is giving a weird stare to the camera.
The guy has terrible posture and needs to walk straighter.
I know it’s just the world we live in but I hate seeing little kids using technology so early in their lives. It’s really affecting your brain later on
I don’t understand why so many people need umbrellas. I lived in Seattle for 12 years and never owned one it’s OK to get rained on
All of those people are out on their bikes at night, it's an accident waiting to happen. And they'll blame the driver of it did happen.
The stances of both the man in the foreground and the woman in the background look like they are poised to attack (the way they hold their racquets doesn't help). They look like they are yelling and getting irriated with the woman sitting on the grass. They look unnecessarily hostile and mean.
The ice on the floor makes it slippery to walk on and it is not fun to drive on
People on bikes need to learn to share the road with cars. I’ve almost hit them several times because they swerve in front of you
This reminds me of the running of the bulls in Spain. I always want those bulls to run everyone over
The dark colour on the background of the image brings anger
I hope this man falls. I don’t know why we are still riding horses in any capacity
I am angry seeing the traffic on the street due to this work.
This place looks very haunt and the walls looks too shabby
THey look like they are going to a Trump rally.
It's upsetting that this group of people have to fight for their rights.
A lot of the time when I see lots of old white men I feel disgusted. I don't like seeing them in those outfits.
Dear Crazy Lady, I don't know why you have that expression on your face but please...oh...please don't take my picture.
I can not tell what exactly is going on but i would probably not be happy with it.
These stupid claw machines are always a rip off.
I can feel the rage that this person felt when they wrote these words and i feel their anger.
She doesn't look happy to be on the phone. She looks as though this is a chore, a task, like she's on hold or waiting for a chance to say goodbye. That feeling is all too familiar to me.
Because the last July 4th, a carnival came to town and they made kids and parents stand in line for 20 minutes for a 3 minute ride, for $10.
The little girls face is dirty from the paint. I would have been happy if she had a mask to cover and protect her face.
This girl with her slanted eyes and facial expression looks like she up to no good.  I would be angry because she would cause tension.
This person's facial expression as well as his mouth and megaphone looks like he is very mad and at a rally protesting something.  He is not very happy.
It looks like one person is covered with blood. I think that is fake blood
The television screen is too small one can't watch a movie comfortably.
It makes me angry to see litter in a creek bed because pollution hurts our planet.
I think of the cruelty that is used to get the elephant to do this 'trick' and the demeaning of the animal.
These people are all on their phones while waiting... it gives me anxiety
The lady seem quite naughty because she has her tongue sticking out of her mouth.
I am against postponing happiness so i,m against the message on the image. why wait postpone when tomorrow is not guaranteed.
These people look frustrated. It seems like they have been hiking or searching for something and cannot find it. The man with the drinking bottle looks frustrated with the task and the one looking through the binoculars does not seem to find what he is searching for. The frustration is something the viewer gets and the lack of detail in the background or for the environment means you cannot search for clues either.
because no matter where they put trash cans. people are too lazy to pick up their messes
It is very wrong ,she would look like he is addict of it.It make me anger.
The walls of this building are a wreck and should be totally demolished because its's not safe.
The suitcases should have been arranged nicely instead of putting them carelessly.
That cat looks beautiful and it was sad to me because it is placed inside the paper cover
Allowing a cat to roam free in the woods is one reason we are seeing a decrease in the bird population.
This image makes me feel anger. It makes me feel anger because the image of fire, and the mans snarl, evoke those feelings.
The environment is not pleasing because of the litter on the ground and also the dried tree is alarming.
Seeing art that is this bad makes me somewhat angry.
The black eye the woman has is making me angry. I am against physical abuse.
I know the subject is supposed to be the lady in the foreground, but she and the guy in the back are both on their phones. I hate it when people constantly walk around on their phones!
To be honest, I hate rodeos as I think they are cruel to the animals. The horse's expression stresses me out, and the amount of people watching with no expressions is a bit disturbing to me.
I hate seeing large business spew toxic chemicals into the air, all for the sake of business
The overly posed and cocky look pisses me off. It's like someone too cool to interact with me and turned their back. I don't like the way the hair covers the face and you cannot interact with the person shown. I hate that the bracelet strand is hanging in her hand. It looks too posed.
The man looks angry and scary as he yells.
This make me anger.the musician work hard but the people
The girl in black looks unhappy or bored with her prospects. The game should be fun for everyone, not forced.
I absolutely detest when people leave trash everywhere. This seems like it may be a 'tradition' kind of deal, but it is still trash none the less.
All this construction material as well as all the traffic on the bridge would irritate me, especially if I have somewhere to be at a certain time.  I do not like to be late.
Someone better come pick this coffee cup up off the desk, it makes me feel angry to know people just leave stuff around.
Almost the entire photo is blurry. I cannot see what kind of milkshake is being made, I cannot even see the persons face. The lack of visibility is aggravating.
The anger that this photo induces is not as intense. I dislike that the photo is so dark, forcing the viewer to squint a little bit to see the details.
These guys holding protest signs looks like they are not happy about something enough to protest it.
I am really distracted by the line art on the left side of the photo. It takes away from the photo and doesn't fit in with the composition and breaks the atmosphere.
I'm angry that he did  pay attention to the incoming phone call and did not give food (soft drinks).
the man looks mad like he is having some trouble at the bank?, sure has a mean look
It looks dangerous and the two people involved in the photo look like they are getting ready to do something fake. It does not seem like a normal natural environment but a fake place where things are designed to go wrong. The big print of the word fuel suggests an explosion.
It makes me angry to see that this man killed a police dog.
These law enforcement officers do not look very happy with this guy screaming in their face.  I wonder who will get angrier and will the situation escalate.
People have carelessly filled the water with their trash and litter, spoiling the environment.
The water is very polluted, full of plants and dirty floating, including a closed plastic bottle that probably still has the drink inside. The plastic bottle could had been disposed properly or being recycled. I can see the shadow of the photographer, or just a person looking the water.
This photo makes me angry because there is clearly a conversation going on during a movie and I can empathize with how the women in the foreground feel, anger. Yeah
If you look closely in the mirror, you can see nobody has replaced the empty roll of toilet paper!
That is a picture that represents just about every kid in America. They are stuck looking at their phones.
This looks like a traffic jam and lots of people as well as vehicles are all stuck waiting to move. It seems tense and stressful to be involved in that much traffic and the weather seems dreary, cold, and like you wouldn't ever want to be there.
The woman seems angry as she gives a bad sign with her finger.
That looks like an old bruise that looks like it came from abuse.
Looks like someone left a broken cooking stove at the beach. This is not good.
These protesters are obviously upset enough to protest in the freezing cold weather.
setting up a new laptop is a huge pain for the user
There are so many rules and official postings here on this particular parking meter box and in the background it is uncomfortable. There is nothing natural, bright, or inviting and the space feels overly managed, like there would be a meter maid waiting within three steps to yell at you for doing something wrong.
The facial expression of this man and him folding his hands makes him look like he is irritated, impatient or angry.  He does not look like he is happy to be posing like he is.
There is a lot of red in this picture, which contrasts with the black outline of a white hand. The hand appears to be crushing or holding onto an eyeball with a red iris, and all of this intense imagery evokes a feeling of anger in me. Not anger at the image, just anger in general. The color red causes my blood to pump and generates a feeling of anger within me.
The picture is in black and white and looks like the main figure, also in black, is experiencing a defeat or disappointment. Others look on and don't care and it suggests alienation and loneliness and that people are cruel to one another.
This poor butterfly is dead in the dirt and it is very sad to see such a beautiful creatures life end.
The facial expressions of this man with him screaming and holding his hands to his head makes him look like he is angry or frustrated.
This woman reminds me of an overbearing boss who only cares about herself.
I really hate loud cell phone shouters a lot.
The quality and chaotic nature of the scribbling is not pleasant to look at or observe.
It’s soooo frustrating to try to work in an airport that it makes me a little angry to even see this guy try.
This animal looks like he is choking on something with his mouth open, tongue out of his mouth and eyes closed.  He does not look happy.
People really should clean up after themselves instead of leaving their empty bottles lying around like in this picture.
Crowds like this one make me really frustrated, and I just can’t wait to get away from them.
These players look violent and make want to smash them.
The gloomy view of the sea and sky makes me pessimistic.
The look of disgust on this women's face makes her look angry and irritated.
No one ever should have to suffer poorness or hunger it makes me angry
This looks like a fox hunt, I am not a fan--all those dogs against one fox--unfair!
It angered me, once again, as I entered my classroom to find students standing in groups more engaged in their cell phones than the assigned lessons they were to be working on.
Some dogs, unfortunately, just look angry and make you feel angry right back, especially if they start yipping at you.
That the garbage was spread all over the road, it seems that people did not care where the garbage was at.  This attracts bugs, and rodents.
He's a sharp dressed guy but the fluorescent lighting and plain white walls of the office space look so mind-numbing.
It is very unfair to cage these monkeys, we should let them live in the wild.
It looks like the people are blocking the road and causing havoc on the streets.
The mans expression and the black background gives a vivid angry feeling
The kids are having an argument, the boy in the yellow shirt is trying to say something and the other people arent listening.
The haphazard way the bags are in the truck show a disregard for the safety of other drivers
Everyone is waiting, trying very hard to stay patient.I look at the lady with the orange bag in front and the look on her face is quickly turning from frustration to anger.
The guy is riding a fast motorcycle but the image is not showing that level of speed.
I sense confusion, disorder and loud banging noises resulting in an excruciating headache.
i would also be mad if i failed a test i studied for
Im not really sure whats going on here but these two look like they could be poking fun, or being disrespectful to the EMS
Unless he's calling for help, he shouldn't be on his damn phone while sitting on top a beauty of nature under a perfect blue sky.
The scissors, hand, and background wall all look very bland and boring.
This picture is almost something out of a storybook, until those powerlines ruined it.
Fine! I'll go! You like to passively-aggressively communicate with memes full of hard-to-read fonts anyway!
I always feel sad when I see a tree cut down because I think of how badly our planet needs them right now to be alive and reducing carbon.
i am annoyed by how bright it is, i want to see the trees
I remember when I rode a public bus like this one for years.  There were rude people and it was crowded and I hated it.
Her eyes and her body language suggest that she is angry at something or more likely someone.
The abuse that these animals face is beyond disgusting and arrogant, as their lives matter too.
All those people, horses, and hounds just to chase one poor fox. This isn't a sport. It isn't even proper hunting.
The guy is staring in the mirror like a creep and I dont like it.
This person looks like a jerk. There is something about his face and how he looks, laying down playing video games, that just makes me angry.
I despise Elmo. He encourages children to be hyper, spastic, and loud.
Protestors lining the streets to voice their dissatisfaction of the politicians.
Anger is what is felt when the lady is looking through the image as her eyes are piercing me.
This person is looking at their watch and seems to be indifferent to what is happening. She is on the phone but does not wish to participate in the conversation and that makes me angry.
The woman is dressed like a Disney villain with soulless eyes.
The look of casualness in the way the figures are leaning and interacting with their phones seems way too fake. No two people both do the leg cross and over concentration while standing next to a wall pillar like this. It's just too staged and they are over dressed to suggest they are playing some archetype or something for the viewer. It's off putting to see such fakeness and seems condescending.
The look on the woman's face and posture show that she is comfortable and annoyed with the person taking the photo.
It's an image of public violence involving two people participating in combat. Someone is being hit and makes you think of hitting others and participating with anger, testosterone, and hurting something.
This person was participating in a violent sport that upset the horse. The horse has thrown the rider because the horse is terrified and wants to be free.
Wearing her sadness on her sleeve like it's an aesthetic. It makes me mad, for some reason. Someone needs to help her. Or she needs to grow up.
I have a bad relationship with los angles. It's like a bully versus a bullied kid
Both of these people seem annoying and judgmental with their squinted eyes.
The person who is taking pictures of someones elses property leaves me with concerning issues of safety.
The  littering in this alleyway is disgusting.  It makes me angry that people throw their trash on the ground or don't pick it up if they drop it.
This reminds me that minds are rarely changed by 140 character bursts and selfies.
It really makes me mad when I see litter on the streets!
The girl has closed eyes and a downward tilted head, but her expression is overly solemn like it's being faked in some extreme religious sort of look. It just seems too much like other paintings or photographs that it is trying to mimic and not genuine. She is not sad or thinking or tired, she is just using a fake closed eye look to imitate something done before.
It is disgusting seeing how these people treat such animals with harm and disrespect.
I feel anger because there are a lot of cars on the road and I hate waiting in traffic.
The woman is pointing and speaking in what looks like a blurry fast moving way as if she is arguing with another person not shown. The street is sort of dirty and not a nice neighborhood and it seems like a bad place to be like you wouldn't want to live there or be involved in the conversation in any way. It just seems like a bad place with angry people.
Though he's definitely well dressed, I hate when the lights are down and I have to deal with a traffic conductor.
The skateboarder has a balancing pose with his arms and the shadow is falling strangely across his face so that his expression is hidden. He looks mechanical, defiant, and like a problem child.
I feel a sort of righteous anger against the Israeli occupation of Palestine.
Nothing is worse than having your car break sown and having to get it towed
Makes me mad seeing a newspaper article report factory jobs are over
the grinning men appear to be bullying the one boy and it makes me mad and like i want to stop it
The woman in her 40s looks well off as she has jewelry, in addition the background looks luxurious, which makes me feel like I'm doing something wrong with my life. Maybe I should have studied something else in college.
That looks very painful punches.
Tagging a building seems inappropriate to me, unless it's subjectively good art to me.
The unfortunate dog jumping over the fiery bar fills me with disappointment and anger towards the people who have arranged for this to occur as I consider this to be abuse due to the possibility of the dog being injured.
I get mad at this picture. It makes me think something happened. Even with the cute dog, it makes me feel uneasy and mad.
The image is quite dark and makes it quite hard to pick out what the image is actually about.
In Covid times, this makes me angry as everyone is gathered very closely without masks.  Also the expression on girls faces do not seem to be happy, with some being maybe a little angry
A business man is outside using his cell phone. He looks snobbish, and I don't like the expression on his face. He looks like he would be difficult to be around judging by his arrogant smile.
Seeing all the traffic in front of me in this photo makes me feel anxiety
Irritated at the silly guy writing a pretentious note. The man looks dumb writing "Who are you?"
These trees look like they form a word but you can’t read it.
The lady with the blue scarf is extremely mad at the guy in the hat.  I wonder what he did?!
There's nothing quite like waiting so long at an airport you have to get a nap. It's horribly boring and frustrating. The guy is crossing his arms almost like he's pouting.
This photo makes me angry because I don't like being around a lot of people. It seems fun, although I don't know this band, because I prefer Rap and Hip Hop.
It looks like a scary protest going on and the police are using crowd control which I do not agree with, it hurts people. That makes me upset.
this is a beautiful photo, however the bird looks so angry at the world
How can you play soccer correctly on a beach? The ball would not roll hardly at all!
The woman balancing the straw basket on her head filled with green moss is doing all the work. It makes me angry that the man in the tan shirt is just standing there with a cigarette hanging form his lips.
I do not like when animals are tied.
The man is clearly frustrated trying to set up the tent correctly and I know how that is.
The market looks hot and dusty, and not like a fun shopping experience
This is such a beautiful building and it should not be used as a skate park
This woman body language reminds me of the recent unrest with the media in the US.
The guy is wearing a terrible outfit and horrible shoes that I dont like.
I feel anger and disgust since the dogs are being used for a race and their snouts are covered. They are obviously trained for this but I feel sad for the animals.
The whole crowd is squeezed in too tightly together and it seems unnecessary.
This bulldozer in the street reminds me of what causes traffic.  Traffic is why I almost lost might my job so this sight is terrifying.
Anything involving digging and construction upsets me. Street construction disturbs my day from the noise and traffic. I do not like it.
The child is in obvious distress while hanging in the air, and no one is helping her down.
Anger at the movement for gay rights having been taken over by men who claim to be trans. They're destroying women's rights. Just betrayal.
It appears that this gentleman is messing around with the womans craft. He could potentially be damaging it which angers me that someone would mess around like that.
There is a huge tree blocking my path and I it might be dangerous to go around it.
I am not sure why they are marching or protesting but it make me feel that something wrong is going on there so I can feel their anger.
The man seems to be at some form of protest
The office setting and headset remind me of horrible sales and customer service jobs I had. I feel angry looking at the poor man.
I don't like the way he is holding her arms behind her AT ALL.
The intimidating face of the man seems as if he was recently upset by something
The room seems to be too crowded and stuffy with people.
All the people in the picture look like they are full of themselves and boring.
I dont like the hat that the guy in the back is wearing.
Racing greyhounds angers me because the dogs are subject to harsh inhumane treatment
I don't like seeing the dog muzzled and running a race, although probably humane treatment.
The racing of greyhounds is cruel and makes me seeth eith anger. These dogs deserve better
The guy thinks he is too cool with his sunglasses and its dumb.
The police officers look like they are scoping out the area in hopes of arresting somebody to take away their freedom, it makes me feel anger
The guy in the back left is way too skinny and should eat something.
This should be a fun event but the people look lame and not doing anything.
The image is so stark and bright it hurts my eyes. It makes the two people in the seen look lonely. I guess I'm more mad about it than sad though.
The entire image has too much clutter and there are too many messy things.
I really have zero interest in most political things and this jusr seems off to me
This painter having to clean graffiti off the wall makes me feel angry!
The baby does not have a cute face and the dad has an annoying one.
These men sitting behind the desk in front of a group of people look like there hosting a work meeting.  Work meetings are so boring and stressful this brings me right back to those old feelings.
The guy on the left is probably counting out exact change and taking forever.
If you are going to wear stripes make sure they are straight, unless you want people focused on your backside
This man looks like he is insulting someone he looks very rude from his facial expression.
The man pointing his finger seems like he is upset or accusing someone else at the table of something. He doesn't look happy and makes me feel concerned.
They could put the kid's eye out hitting him in the face with a snowball right on his glasses.
The young person in this photo makes you feel just how upset he is after he was pelted by snow in the face.   I would imagine one of his friends may be the culprit and will soon be the target of his anger.
It makes me angry that these people blocked off most of this busy staircase for their wedding photos.
The graffiti defacing the amphitheater makes me feel angry because it is disrespectful
This photo makes me feel angry because citizens no matter what country they are from shouldn't have to be fighting for fairness and equality in 2021. I'm sick and tired of the top 3% controlling what goes on in the world.
I am worried that the large tractor is tearing up the beautiful street, I don't want them to tear down the trees that are providing shade.
The shape of the weird beam in the middle makes no sense.
I do not like that we put the animals from the ocean into aquariums for our amusement and this lady is sitting there watching what looks to be a seal swimming in an aquarium
I'm not sure what the norms are in this country, but I feel angry that two people are walking down the middle of the road. What if someone needed to drive through?
I'm imagining how much this construction might hinder traffic and prolong my morning commute.
This image reminds me of 3 business men meeting about the best way to make a profit and that makes me angry.  I feel like these types of people don't care about simple, basic things like the environment, but they do care about money.
I dont like how the cow seems to be scared and is being attacked.
The guys is wearing a dark leather jacket but it is a hot day which is dumb.
The waiter looks annoyed because his eyes are not focused on his customer, but are focused outside the window.
This picture makes me feel anger to an extent because the street is full of graffiti so it's just the lack of respect for the property in the area old woman is walking by herself makes me wish that there was somebody that was walking with her in the store is closed up I don't know if it's outside of business hours or is it closed closed I mean in today's world we don't know but that just makes me kind of angry
The crowd is clearly protesting for something, which means that they are not content with a law or a rule that has been placed. The people feel that something is unfair, and that makes me feel angry at the people who placed such a rule that disadvantages the people in this picture in some way.
Is that guy choosing THIS moment to breaking up with this girlfriend? She looks like she's about to cry.
I am more interested in the water in the background than the people. It looks like a very scenic place but looking at the image makes me feel like I am at a tourist attraction trying to see it around other tourists.
The guy needs to put the cigarette away and focus on working.
The women in this picture look like they are snobbish, rude, and full of wealth. They look selfish and this makes me feel angry to look at.
It pissed me off when his parents put a sweet baby on a leash as if he were a pet.
The guy is wearing a funny hat for no reason and its just weird.
The woman seems to be very angry with the man in front of her by her body language
The person seems to be destroying natural habitat with the large tool he is carrying.
A fight or an argument is apparent and the men seem to be in disagreement.
The teacher looks mad with his hands on his hips so I am defensive and angry too.
The kid has a smug-looking smirk on his face like he's just done something mischievous with the lizard he's holding
His expression looks a little mocking somehow - the smile doesn't quite show in his eyes, so it makes me feel like he's not being genuine
This photo makes me angry because I hate the police and all of their police brutality look how far back it’s going this picture is in black and white
I hate it when someone shouts  at me, the man must be yelling at someone.
The squished up face and red eyes makes this guy look very angry and something.
There is an angry unicorn in the picture and if something is making a unicorn angry then I am angry as well.
It makes me feel like I'm walking around the city, and I find cities too busy, crowded, and stressful.
Instead of enjoying the beautiful mountain view right in front of him, this man decides to talk on his phone!
I feel angry from watching a woman make an angry face at the camera.
This makes me very angry it looks like a few thieves I’ve tried to knock over this parking meter and steal the change out of it
I hate when bums keep bugging you and beg you for money when you are just trying to chill and relax.
This woman is talking on her phone while driving which is very unsafe and against the law in my state.
The massive amount of smoke from the motorcycle will lead to inevitable destruction of the environment
This guy aggravates me for flipping off the camera like really dude? don't make it worse for yourself
The person's face is scrunched up like they're upset at whatever they're looking at
I hate LSU, they are a bunch of rednecks just like this guy looks like.
It looks like commuters will be taking an alternate route, because the intersection has been shutdown for construction.
If I was trying to do housework like this guy, I'd be upset that there's so much random stuff around me.
The exposed wires everywhere and poorly-cared-for electronics and tools are big safety hazards
I agree with this guy's sign and it makes me angry that so many people are being killed.
The face he's making paired with the sunglasses indoors makes him look arrogant
Using a phone while operating a vehicle makes me very angry.
This would be a beautiful nature photo if this nerd was not standing in the middle of the shot.
Birds are annoying especially if its on your laptop. The birds beak looks very sharp
The aggressive facial expression of the musician makes me feel like I should be angry as well
I'm pissed off that my luggage is ALWAYS the last one to show up on the conveyor after my flight
The way they're walking in sync and the smug expression on the guys face makes these three look arrogant
The person is making a gross face like she's disgusted by what she's looking at
I am angry watching this medic wrap a bandage around a woman's arm.
Both of these man have a very intense look on their faces which suggests that they might be upset with each other.
These are not the kinds of protests our founders had In mind, these are riots and people need to be arrested.
This looks like the lost baggage section at the airport. I'm sure these people who lost their bags must be angry.
People are going about their day walking down the street. However, it angers me to know someone took the time out of the day to defame a building for no reason other than just doing it for fun.
It looks like that are burning something in protest which makes me angry that they would resort to such destruction to make a point.
People who deface property make me very angry and this graffiti is no exemption from that rule. This is damaging property.
It is really upsetting to see this man dressed like a woman in a skirt and make up.
This woman's face looks like an angry teenager, which makes me feel sort of reflexively put off. I don't enjoy or have much patience for people that have rotten attitudes.
It makes me frustrated to see the patriarchy still at the helm of the Catholic religion.
This makes angry or agitated because there is so much in this room, it looks cluttered and needs to be cleaned and it triggers my OCD.
The cigarettes someone threw onto the stairs makes me feel angry by the amount of environmental damage they will cause
Sometimes when I get very angry I would like to take my frustrations out on a tv or something like that and just smash it to bits!
The boys crying fit looks like he is angry and can not control his emotions even with his mother consoling him.
When I see a skateboarder like this boy I want to smack him.
The image elicits a feeling of anger through the hostile glare exuded from the face of the character captured in the picture.
The image elicits a feeling of anger through the hostile body language and glares displayed by the individuals pictured.
I am angry when I see two children playing in boxes near a construction site.
The guy in the front's facial expression looks like he is trying too hard to be cool
Looks like a long and frustrating wait in the line here.
I hate it. Not only are there a million bottles but none of them are all the way empty.
I think it's irresponsible to let a child play alone in such a desolate area.
The look on this man's face along with his body language suggests that everyone better stay out of his way because he is very angry.
I will never understand why you would take a monochrome picture but put black on the subject since then, in the photo, it becomes nothing due to the grayscale colors.
This image makes me mad because it looks like they have the whole road blocked in and there are cars parked that might need to get out that are now stuck.
I hate angry old white men like this guy, he looks like an asshole lawyer or Dick Cheney, this guy needs to seriously chill.
I mad that this beautiful picture of the sunset is ruined by that idiots logo in the center of the picture
If I was taking care of this girl, I'd be a bit annoyed that I would need to clean up after her.
Wondering if this guy is stalking someone, or up to no good in some other way, as he hides behind the wall
Anger might be too strong of a word but the lack of focus in this picture is upsetting.
Putting up stuffed animals on a brick wall is gross
It angers me to think we as the United States still have to deal with protesting just to feel safe in a country that should be free of all the corruptions.
The image elicits a feeling of anger through its capture of a hostile fight between two men.
The image elicits a feeling of anger through the hostile and unwelcoming capture of a man making an offensive gesture.
The landscape is too crowded and awkward, there isn't really anything interesting or attractive about this photo.
The women looks like she is trying to get attention with implications of pain or mutilation.
I am angered by the fact that this picture is not taken correctly, I need to see its face
I feel anger because I see anger with protesters and a very upset man.
I am angry! Because the people have all that food and wine, and I have none!
It makes me angry trying to figure out why this kid is freaking out, and he looks silly doing it.
I do not like how it feels to be aggressively sold a product, by somebody displaying a fake look of surprise
The big all capital letters on the screen of this phone clearly show that the girl holding the phone has strong feelings of anger towards someone.
This poor dog should be rehomed with owners that do not make them jump through fire with the potential of getting really hurt.
Once music festivals were about music and now it's al about performance and show. I hata that
This person is spreading false lies about a national tragedy.
It looks like the person is packing and having to be disorganized in doing that is irritating.
The cartoon's angry expression makes me uncomfortable and angry to look at
The sight of air pollution makes me angry at those causing it.
When I see this bald guy yelling and pointing his finger at me, I want to knock him out.
The text is somewhat tumblr like in the nature that they create a dark and depressing mood
The clock and the medical scale are typical sights seen when sitting in medical waiting rooms waiting forever for a doctor to show up.  This make me annoyed.
I'm angry because these animals should be in their natural habitat.
The look on the face of the guy in the green shirt makes me feel like he is angry than more about just getting the ball and that would make me want to hold onto the ball even more.
The picture with a view of a computer screen and code saying it is in system failure is very upsetting and could easily make me angry if needed to get work done on the computer.
The keys on this keyboard make no sense and I would be very frustrated if i was forced to use it.
I would be very angry and upset if I had to work a construction job this looks like backbreaking hard work
The image elicits a feeling of anger through the hostile glare and expression shown on the face of the individual pictured.
I feel angry watching a construction truck tear up an old city street.
I feel angry because cats are mischievous and it looks like the cat is thinking about knocking the fragile vase off the table. It will be messy
This poster invokes anger because it reminds you how frustrated you may be at your place of employment.
This looks like a perp walk due to the guy's jacket with the letters on the back, like fbi, cbs, fox, dea (lol on the channels I guess). In the rain, grey, cold. The women are wearing sandals in the cold rain. The men's jeans are getting wet at the bottom. Nothing but yuch, eww and grrr.
It's annoying that somebody took a fun cartoon and turned it into a shoddily-made (and not even funny) comic.
It makes me feel angry to see a harmless game posed in crass words
The facial expression on this guy's face tells us that he is annoyed at someone
I feel angry because the owner of this train and bridge abandened them. They were responsible for not leaving them there to rot, yet that is exactly what they did. This makes me as mad as a wet hen!
It looks like there is an audience watching something, and this girl is being rude checking her phone during some sort of event.
I have no idea what is going on in this picture, so lame.
I love sea turtles. Never touched one just seen them at the aquarium. I want to cry and am mad at the same time. I am sure he's dead from the looks of things.
The furrowed brow and the darkness in the eyes tell me he is angry.
Did she just intentionally break the guitar she was holding ?
"Do not let your anger lead to hatred in traffic signal, as you will hurt yourself more than you would the other."
The guy has an obnoxious expression, and the way he's so close to the camera makes it feel like he's invading my personal space
This is what you can call a resting bitch face which for some reason as a fellow female does irk me little. I have to wonder what's so wrong lady?
I can't make out what's on the screen but the graphic on it is never a good thing. The iPad is probably doing something frustrating.
This circus freak growling at me deserves a punch in the face.
Neither the woman or the man looks to want to talk to one another. The woman clearly looks irritated why the man looks like he can careless.
There is no excuse to destroy property by breaking store windows.
It looks like someone has left their trash behind after a picnic.
With the microwave ontop the refrigerator i can’t reach it hardly and see how my food was doing.
The way this hockey player is bitting down on the puck and the intense look suggests that he is very angry about something.
It looks like greyish smog is smothering everything in the distance.  This makes me feel the anger of the people who have to live with this daily.  The plane in the sky reminds me that this smog originates from motor vehicles.
Being bipolar and suffering from anxiety, this photo of a woman who appears angst-filled with her greasy hair and smeared mascara infuriates me because she looks like she's an Instagram influencer who is exploiting mental health issues to get attention...anyone who feels depressed or anxious is unlikely to photograph themselves in a stylized manner, complete with contrasting lighting.
This river looks so dirty from all the pollution. It makes me very upset that people would litter.
Based on the outfits and haircuts this looks like a high-maintenance group of women
I'm mad at the highway workers that direct me to go the wrong way down a one way.
I feel angry looking at this photo of men in military uniform because I think of the damages war has done to this planet.
The elephant looks too small and young to have a human sitting on it's back riding it like that
Looks like people are stuck in traffic. Seems like the cars are not moving.
I hate soccer, the rules are so stupid, Americans would probably like it more if they made a few changes to their stupid rules.
The bright lights make me feel overwhelmed and annoyed
The smug expression on the oddly dressed man with the hockey gear makes me angry to think he has no empathy for the unseen person in distress who needed the paramedics.
I highly dislike crowds and seeing all of these people gather around in such close an area for any reason at all is upsetting to me.
Both men looked physically closed-off and unwilling to listen to each other, and it makes me feel anxious.
This man has an expression of anger and hate
I feel very distressed looking at this photo because I can't see clearly what it is of.
The tagging on this uhaul truck makes me angry, it is so destructive.
The man's scrunched expression makes him look upset or angry
People who cheat on anything are the lowest kind of person and I have no respect for them because they upset me so much.
The image elicits a feeling of anger through the hostile glare displayed on the face of the male individual pictured.
Someone needs to clean up these plastic bottles thrown on the ground.
This guy is angry about the shape of the keyboard and wants to flatten it up.
Looks like these two locomotive drivers are not happy with something they see in front of the train.
I don't like trick photos and images that require me to tilt my head or other stupid directions and it really angers me.
The young man's face makes me feel irritated in that I should be prepared for someone yelling in my face.
It's very frustrating to see people trash a toilet stall.
The woman looks excrutiatingly angry due to her facial expression and the hair in her hands, as if she had just ripped it off her own head.
The image elicits a feeling of anger through its capture of an angry and hostile protest amongst a disturbed group of people.
Angry that this picture is kind of blurry, they should've taken a better photo
This person looks like he is having fun knocking a tennis ball into a prison and making art out of it which seems unethical
This little kid looks like he is screaming and being annoying and i would get very angry if the kid did that around me.
These people look angry and bothered enough to protest in the streets.
Looking around and seeing very inconsiderate individuals leave their trash around is mind numbingly annoying, and I live in a city where this is normal.
I don't like this punk with the earing yelling at me.
Seeing dogs treated as objects makes me angry and unhappy.
The woman is pulling her hair out in frustration and looks angry herself
I don’t like blurry and unfocused pictures. It makes my eyes hurt
This is blasphemous! Hiw dare you put a godly picture in a toilet. How disrespectful thus is.
I don’t know why they have to block off an entire road to do something like this. They could do this at a state park
This waste management truck reminded me that I need to leave my recycling waste bin outside before they come around to pick up.
I think it’s inhumane to treat horses like this. It’s cruel
The snobbery of the people in this picture and their wine, even if it is fake, makes me hate everything.
It's unsafe to leave this fire hydrant hose on a wheeled base.
I think this may have been taken at a theater or someplace similar where the woman should not be using her phone.
When i see graffiti,  i seethe. What right does someone have to deface another's property?
Chef's are always yelling for at people for no reason and cause hostile work environments, it really upsets me.
It looks like this boy has been beaten up and it makes me angry that someone would do that.
i hate busy airports and stacks of other's luggage
It angers me with a self serving right wing Christian judges other people which is hypocritical. I thought you are suppose to love everyone. Hmm.
The conspiracy type sign in the background mentioning a cover up is maddening.
This photo has a picture of a devil and is inviting people to be angry
I hate it when my son does this, placing his hand on a glass window with dew or water.
I hate this photo because the girl looks like she isn't enjoying herself.
This mans expression has a dissatisfied & angry aura which bleeds onto me.
The man and his actions, both visual and physical, invoke a sense of anger and rage like he has been hurt or wronged.
If women have to go around wearing bras and bikinis because of their extra areas on their bodies men should have to also from having bodies that would require women to cover up.
The animals don't seem too well taken care of, that really irks me
The angry man holding an axe, swinging at an unarmed man makes me mad because he is defenseless
This girl is angry about something, I hope no one bullied her at school
These people look like they must have an important job to do but is neglecting it and putting people in danger.
I hate it. A pretty sky obscured by all the junk we've built and it's just in the way of a pretty view.
These boys posing triumphantly in front of things stuffed into a garbage can reminds me of bullying scenarios. I can't help but suspect that they took those things from someone else, and decided to do something for cheap laughs among themselves.
This kid is making an annoying face like he's mocking somebody
It's infuriating to see all these cars stuck in bumper to bumper traffic.
Hate cats. They are so mean. This one is about to destroy those shoes Im sure
I see the name Gadhafi and think of dictatorships harming their own citizens.
i hate seeing the interior of abandoned buildings being damaged and covered in graffiti
The binder on the top of the bookshelf is falling over and there is another binder out of position on top of the others. They appear to be disorganized, and the printer is stacked up on what appears to be a tub of food. Although the woman in the photo seems to be pleased with herself and her work, her environment looks claustrophobic and makes me feel frustrated that I can't clean the whole thing out.
I don't like this image of a dog on a microwave plate IN a microwave oven.  Not a good idea in any way shape or form.
I don't like when "cowboys" enrage an animal for the amusement of themselves and others.  I don't understand why it is supposed to be funny to ride an animal that does not want to be ridden.
I find it incredibly upsetting that people have to protest in order to prevent unnecessary deaths. Law enforcement should be more respectful of human life, and I agree with the protesters.
The cheetah's eyes are sparkling with anger and its fierce.
this girl blowing a trumpet into another's ear could cause life time hearing loss and should be punished.
This reminds me of the times I was in school and my pencil broke which was very frustrating and and annoying especially if you don't have a pencil sharpener.
Kids shouldn't be around alcohol, it's really terrible parenting to do something like this.
In this picture, I see joe, billy-bob and his wife karen draped up in their Trump Lovin American flags,  riding their motorcyle bikes in parade to give homage to their almighty Trump - a proud display of their heritage as they boast their white superiority and fan, flame & stoke more of their racial hate to a small crowd of white, like-minded, self-righteous, entitled, race-baiting individuals,  who these fat harley riding, flag-wearing  men/women represent.  This doesn't just make me Angry, it makes me FURIOUS  and sad that we there are so many ill-informed & feeble-minded people living in our world. We should be better than that.  I also feel disappointment in myself for having these sterotypical views. Shame on me. Not all white people subscribe to Trumpism. I apologize for getting off view.  My answer: This picture of the bikers and flags, makes me feel Anger, for all the reasons which I have perceived and stated above.
The bike statue is cool but the desk that it is on is a complete mess and it really angers me.
There is a person right in front of the camera blocking the shot and im mad that i cant see it.
Graffiti no longer only floods our streets and trains, education is a lost subject
the guy is running in the forest but the motion blur make it look worse.
She seems mad at the game she's playing.
I find it appalling that the wood has been so neglected.
The look of defeat that this person portrays by putting their head on the table makes me think of all the frustrating nights I stayed up studying.
The women in the bike seems to be yelling at the car, seems like a nusience
The kid's expression and the fact that he's swinging a bat at something shows he's got some anger/aggression that he's letting out himself, it makes me concerned and upset as to what he's hitting with that bat though
It's a pretty disturbing picture, with the first person perspective of the gun being pointed at someone.
It makes me think someone was driving the red car recklessly at a high rate of speed and he ruined the black car because of his ignorance. It makes me mad because he never thought about the person or person's property he could damage.
Someone should teach that little kid to sit properly in public.
This woman seems like she's yelling at someone and stereotypically, she looks like a "Karen" and her argument is probably driven by fake outrage.
They guys are making something without any safety precautions.
The fact that these pastries are on a napkin instead of a plate show that this restaurant is too cheap to afford plates and shouldn't be in business.
I wish that people would keep their dogs under control, especially aggressive ones.
This photo makes me angry because I feel mirror selfies are stupid and yet they have become a trend.
That car is very expensive and I don't know whys someone would ruin it with an ugly sticker.
construction looks ugly but is necessary for functioning society
This lady is being harassed by the glares of this older couple, it upsets me that people behave this way.
This is an artist's rendition of a screaming man, looks quite threatening
This photo of a woman with an angry expression makes me feel a little angry myself.
I really dislike being in crowded places, this group of people seem to have no regard for personal space and I would be very upset if I was with them.
I feel like I’m supposed to be shouting something at nobody in particular in support of this March.
it looks so weird that they didn't stack the columns properly! It looks shabby and unfinished
Defacing property with graffiti is a terrible thing to do and really upsets me.
I hate confrontation; this protest is bringing out some very confrontational emotions about the financial system.
The protestors are riled up and  determined the create social change against the injustices of the system
A potentially deadly fight has erupted among the colonists. One is brandishing a sword while another has lifted a pig over his head as he prepares to strike the other. In this black and white drawing, a crowd looks on and there is a large clock in the background.
I am an atheist and I think Christianity is delusional, so this quote just irritates me.
I feel annoyed because parking is prohibited during normal summer dates, and it would be incredibly inconvenient to be towed as early as 11:00 PM on a Friday night.
I feel lost in a strange place and confused with no idea where I am going or who to ask.
I hate how someone had to grafftti on this telephone box
I get a bit angry and frustrated when I see people release ballons into the air.
This person throwing a weapon clearly has no idea what he is doing and can hurt someone.
The rabbit is clearly so angry that it says it below him as he rips his ears out.
Wet roads and bad weather are signs of a bad day.
This woman seems like a "Karen" and she's probably complaining about something unjustified to whoever she's on the phone with.
The bathroom is unfinished reminds me of my husband doing unfinished products.
Those roads look way too small to drive on and that truck and those cars are gonna have to make room for one another.
The way this lady clenches her teeth shows that she is very upset with something, the fact that I don't know what makes her angry makes me very angry.
This stained glass is probably in a church and I hate church because my mom would drag us to church every Sunday and it was so long and boring and I hated it
It really upsets me when people deface property that does not belong to them.
The mean look on this guys face makes me feel like he wants to start trouble and that always makes me angry.
I'm angry at the man bullying the hooded man.
The pierce of this infant's crying is annoying as someone running fingernails down a chalkboard.
The look on the dog's face makes me feel like he got caught chewing something he shouldn't have.
The anger in their faces reminds me of my own relationship woes.
This amazing creature being locked behind barbed wire is just unfair and makes me feel angry.
Too many people overpay for a product such as this mouse that are very bad quality. It makes me angry that companies like apple can get away with over pricing like they do.
It is unfathomable that people of this stature would do something this awful.
I feel frustrated by this photo because I can imagine walking in the rain with this umbrella and it seems a bit flimsy.
Someone putting out cigarettes anywhere is straight lazy and nasty. It does not harm then good for the enviroment.
Watching such a majestic giraffe in captivity infuriates me.
The people in the photo are advocating for something they are clearly passionate about and while I don't know much about the situation, it instills anger more so because the people feel someone is being detained against their will.
These people all look incredibly bored while waiting for something to happen, like a store to open or waiting for a number to be called. I feel bored and upset on their behalf.
I wish that people would display their graffiti under controlled conditions and not on public property.
The lack of awareness that this person is showing while walking on a busy city street is what causes people to get injured. It really angers me that people behave this way.
I am afraid of the ride because it remind me of the scary rides at festivals.
This is the emetion for angry int he movie Inside out and it reminds me of anger.
Being stuck in this heavy thruway traffic is really annoying.
This woman's expression of anger does not need to happen. The aura bleeds onto me and others.
I don't think that guy needs an umbrella when it's not even raining.
The protesters march forward relentlessly, as they have been hurt by social injustices
This street looks cluttered and chaotic. It seems like a mess to drive on.
While the photo is picturesque, my first thought: "Why can't there be nice passenger trains like that in the U.S.?"
I sense anger and negative reaction to some unjust event or ruling resulting in protest.
These bears are in an enclosure which is being severely neglected: the water seems to have dried up, their area is full of garbage that people threw in, and the bears look sad and thirsty. The people above them look ignorant and bored when they should be reporting the animal abuse to the authorities.
Those ships and boats must be polluting air a lot and worsening the state of global warming.
There is nothing impressive about a child eating ice cream. Parents who take pictures of everything their children do are annoying.
This crowded train car makes me angry because I hate crowded spaces and will get very angry if I find myself in one.
I feel somewhat irritated by thinking of someone able to move quickly in a line but sort of mope to a seat.
The look of rage on this screaming mans face radiates pure anger.
The gnarled branches of the dead looking shrub are blocking the view of the beautiful architecture
I feel angry and confused on why this woman is looking at me in anger and disgust.
The individual in the image looks as thought they're unhapy with their performance, possible just mentally revving up and that's the emotion, but to me it feels more like dissatisfaction and makes me feel uneasy when someone has that look and especially when you're unsure which emotion it is, exactly.
I don't like parties, and this one feels very claustrophobic to me.
The idea of riots always make me mad, I feel bad for the law enforcement that has to deal with angry mobs.
I hate protesters like this group of protesters marching down the street because I just can’t believe these people don’t have anything else better to do
The person's expression seems smug or like they're hiding something, and the overall blurriness of the photo makes me anxious to look at
This make me feel anger because the girl in the picture is obviously upset and looks like she doesnt have anything nice to say.
These kinds of seats at events are disappointingly bad. Being so far away is agitating if you have poor eye sight like me.
It makes me think he's been cut off in traffic and angry which I get too because I've been cut off in traffic.
The long walk to the castle is going to be exhausting.
This person is sleeping in a public place like its their own bedroom and the mess they leave is very frustrating.
Looks like someone has intentionally defaced the stop sign.
This looks like bikers possibly running a red light at an intersection. Very dangerous bicycle vs car traffic.
Some irritation. Mobile phones are very useful. But I look at them and think how much harm they've done too. They've become a weapon in some hands.
This is just awful. It shows how devastating humans have been to the Earth. I wish someone would go in and clean that garbage up.
Nothing makes me angrier than when people deface nature like in this picture, whoever did this should be locked up!
The woman’s expression makes her seem frustrated and stuck
These three are posing and posturing like they're trying to look tough and pick a fight with someone
I really enjoy going to the amusement park at night but the crowds are too stressful and may not be worth it.
The image elicits a feeling of anger through the hostile stare and scorn displayed on the face of the male individual featured.
The painting seems morbid to me because of the red color and line coming from the eye.
I don't like when people use profanity, especially in such a crass manner that it makes me angry.
Because traffic will hold me up and make me late for work.
This lady looks like she is on an argument of a phone call.
People who spray graffiti all over public works really irritate and anger me I don’t understand why they feel the need to do this
I immediately noticed the NYPD security camera sign and recognized this as an area in downtown Manhattan, likely near Times Square. I lived in New York City for many years and hated most of my time there, as there are too many people, too much noise, too much pollution, too much smoke, and everyone is very rude and rushed. The crowd in this image brought all of these feelings and emotions flooding back.
This lady is so distracted by her phone that she can't take time to just enjoy nature for itself, it's so frustrating to see.
The guy arguing with the workers comes across as very demanding and annoying. It looks like he's mad while talking, too, which doesn't help.
I don't think these people are aware their picture is being taken from behind them. Someone is probably making fun of them for sharing the earbuds.
I'm all for doing fun things like skate board, but I certainly hope he doesn't break or destroy any old historic buildings.
I want this gentleman to put his phone down for a moment and enjoy his surroundings on what seems to be a warm, sunny day.
The woman in this image doesn't look like she's comfortable with her picture being taken.
I feel lost while trying to take pictures so I have to call someone for directions. I am a little annoyed.
The traffic is so heavy, it would be unbearable to sit in it.
This girl at the beach does not look like she wants to be there. She looks mad and standoffish.
It angers me to see people protesting on the Black Lives Matter movement, because I feel that "ALL LIVES MATTER".
I'm mad that the casino always wins, especially on slot machines.
That graffiti should be removed immediately, it's an eye-sore.
The crowd seem displeased, especially the gentleman raising his arms in protest.
I've always thought these prize booths were scams, and the prizes always suck.
This girl is so angry, I can see it on her face and feel her emotion.
The image of the woman staring down a police line makes me angry because it reminds me of the blind injustice that happens in the country.
This looks like an error screen to me and I imagine being frustrated that the computer was not working like I would want.
This bald headed man is obstructing the view of the luggage store.
That big bus is taking up the entire street.
I kept trying to skip this image because I had no idea to say about it but it kept popping up: A computer desk with lamp, all hazy. Can't think of anything.
The kids looked up at the tall tree trying to figure out how they were going to get down their kite.
This toilet seems like it would be a nightmare to clean, you would constantly trying to figure out the difference between filth and decoration
I do not like cats due to their generally callous and uncaring attitudes. Seeing a cat makes me slightly angry.
I hate seeing the litter in the environment. It's not hard to put things in the trash can - just do it!
I am angry about all the chemicals in the water and toxins and it will affect all the living creatures. I feel bad and worried for the ducks that are in the picture. It makes me mad that people do that.
Everyone in the row looks like they're waiting for someone. And judging from the ages of everyone there, it won't be something that interests me. I've been there so many times, waiting around on something I don't even want to be a part of.
I feel like the man in this photo is frustrated for no good reason and that annoys me.
It bothers me to see women standing on a crowded subway while men sit and watch them.
The clutter of bike wheels make the whole thing look messy and dirty.
I don't like all the litter that is around on the ground. Makes me angry that people have to do that.
It angers me to see so much concrete, cities should not be built like this.
I looks like this building got ransacked and I wish that they didn't get hit.
This guy looks like he's being an idiot and holding the bus up for everyone else. Probably because he didnt have a ticket, and wanted to ride for free. Either way, I hate people who cause a scene.
The man makes me angry because he's holding up the bus
Safety should be of priority when playing sports.
Even though this alligator does not look life-like, the child's parents should not let the child touch it.  If the child lives in an area where alligators are prevalent, the child will have no fear of them.
The man reminds me of getting harrassed by vendors when I was on vacation.
Juggling knives is irresponsible and is an accident waiting to happen.
The man looks mad at whoever he is talking to on the phone.
I do not like it when other kids talk about me.
This child looks like he is proudly causing ruckus in the middle of room.
Leaving Keys is unsafe in a open environment where children our eating with their family's.
this picture reminds me of when someone opened their car door right in front of me as i was walking down the street and I got hurt!
The look on the bartenders face of anger would make me not want to go to this establishment.
Meh! Why do people have to stop right in the middle of the street to take a selfie?
Greyhound racing really frustrates me, these animals didn't choose this.
The girl is hunched over, carrying a bucket that's too heavy for her, and the photographer could only think to take a photo. The colors are overbright, as if trying to convince you this is a happy scene.
All those long awaiting line for the game or the concert are always a drag.
The woman's hand placement makes it seem like she's saying "What" in an angry tone. Her face looks disgruntled. This photo feels chaotic and loud and it makes me angry as a result. The woman in the photo feels angry and I feel her anger as well.
The woman in the picture looks angry and defiant as though something bad has happened to her and she is expecting accountability for it
this guy just has that look about him, that he is ready for a fight at any moment
This woman looks like she is talking loudly in the middle of a train station.
The boy is airborne on his skateboard, flying off a bench at a bus stop, making me feel he doesn't care one iota about any damage he's causing to public property.
The half naked woman in front of a child is infuriating and she is not decent to be around other people.
It seems unfortunate that these people were caught in the raina nd unable to get to where they need and stay dry and I hate to get wet when I am fully dressed so getting caught in the rain would make me angry
I feel anger when looking at this because the woman within it seems to be displeased with her eyes narrowed and her chin tilting up as her gaze is focused on something in front of her.
This man is either shielding himself from the sun or shielding himself from the cameraman.
I hate this woman with the glasses. She looks nasty and she has her hand around the neck of someone that looks like her daughter - and that's not motherly love. And the young girl looks like she is smiling through the pain of faking a moment. The mom looks like a control freak. Very rigid.
Waiting for a green light to cross the street, when you are in the city, can make you impatient.
He looks closed off and angry. And the mismatched angles on the hill, blocked window and his pose is completely contrary to all fluidity that makes an image beautiful. Nothing lines up and he emanates anger.
The mean look on the woman's face angers me.
This woman watching the performance so she can show it to others instead of living in the moment is a sad commentary on our current societies' over reliance on technology.
These two dogs make me feel like I told my dogs to heel, but they disobeyed me and when I got mad they finally came running.
The man in the photo appears frustrated and annoyed to be stuck waiting
The traffic cones in this picture cause me to feel angry because there presence make me think of construction, increased traffic, and aggravated nerves.
Seeing any sort of construction work on the slate grey highway makes me angry!
traffic jams and the cyclist hanging out in the cross walk leads to anger here
I feel angry that this woman probably does not have sufficient healthcare to properly take care of her teeth.
his grin is unpleasant the boy looks unhappy makes me feel uneasy
Graffiti can be a beautiful art form, but when it is just some unimportant words then it is nothing more than vandalism and makes the neighborhood look run down.
The guy is about to yawn which makes me feel tired and annoyed.
This woman looks like she is one her way to start an argument with someone for no reason at all.
This guy looks like he's bothering someone and that makes me pretty mad.
Slightly annoying and angering to see people laughing at the man because he can't put the shirt on, as if they're making fun of him.
The look on this old man's face is something unfriendly and devoid of warmth which is annoying.
Seeing the horses participating in the equestrian event makes me think of how horses are abused and sometimes killed in competitions.
The lady looks like she has a lot in front of her. Reminds me of stress.
These dogs look like they're actually fighting.  They are also both wearing collars so that means someone is letting them fight which makes me mad.
he looks so serious he is pointing with aggression
Looks like he’s yelling at someone and pointing for them to go away
I hope that man is not giving that child alcohol.
This father is serving his toddler a margarita. That is a terrible way to raise a child almost guaranteeing it will have a troubled life in the future.
The golfers appear to be looking for a lost golf ball, I always get slightly angry when I can't find my ball when I've accidentally hit it into the rough
The grimace on his face makes it look like he did something wrong, which angers me.
this man looks angry at life, how can you be that angry while just reading a book?
I think I'm angry at this photo because I see all this caution tape surrounding two people and the lady appears to have blood on her hand while there appears to be a crowd of people enjoying themselves in the background. They're not helping at all. In fact, they're smiling and chatting. I'm really hoping this is just a movie scene or something.
Teachers and parents petitioning for a better school system should not be happening.
I feel angered by this image from so many of the people gathered talking intensely among themselves and their expressions being filled with frowns and looks of despair.
They are protesting about children being exploited and that makes one mad.
It looks like the man is not enjoying blowing into his musical instrument, and it makes me feel like this performance would be a waste of time if I saw it.
This is obviously some type of Jewish religious gathering (from the yarmulkes on the men's heads) but the man at the microphone looks like he is trying to do his thing and all the men in the background are either not interested or possibly mocking him (the bearded guy with the sunglasses has that mocking smirk on his face). Show some respect people.
this womans face looks very unhappy, like how dare someone leave her on the other side of the gate
These women all have rather hostile expressions on their faces, turning my thoughts to past arguments where things got heated.
There is a colorful van with two men painting and an angry looking tarp of a green man. This gives the impression the men are looking for an aggressive reaction from people.
This construction just reminds me of all the loud work being done by my home, it gets frustrating.
The concrete that they are sitting on looks hard and hot and I dont like it.
Seeing two people so completely negrossed in their phones is kind of a reminder of how society has gotten away from true human interaction and watching the world around us.
They are so engrossed in their activities and are walking down the middle of the sidewalk. I think they are so self-absorbed that I am the one who is going to have to walk around them.
He/She just isn't having a good day. They went to the beach and realized they forgot their swimsuit. He/She is trying to make the best of the situation but they are knee deep in the water.
Her face looks as cold as the drink in the cup.
The guy is sleeping with his mouth open which is annoying.
There is a fishing pole without anybody holding onto it. If a fish catches on to it, it's going to struggle and suffer. Somebody could easily walk by and steal the fishing pole. It's aggravating to see people leave things like this unattended.
That art looks pointless and ridiculous. A waste of gallery space.
A nice jump by the dirtbike jumper and seems he will land it well too, very nice.
This looks like a riot in progress, with someone damaging the street furniture and it looks threatening
A crowd destroying property makes me irate and angry.
This image makes me feel angry. The photo is very blurry and the composition is dark and has no center. Very bad photo!
These beautiful animals deserve to be free in the wild, not tugged around and harassed.
The smoke in the background is polluting the environment, just so somebody can eat something. It's not necessary to pollute the air just to eat.
This image makes me angry. This car is causing great pollution to the environment! Absolutely terrible!
I feel anger from this mans equally angry looking face as he shoves snow off the sidewalk.
Not looking forward to this sort of snowstorm, winter is not my favorite season.
I feel angered by this image because all of the people within it that are sitting are also frowning and have their brows furrowed as they glance at something, it makes me think they are displeased with whatever they are listening to.
Looks like someone left a sleeping kid in the car....grrrr.
Some of these construction workers are not wearing the safety vest, which is not good.
He makes me feel anger because he looks mad.
How can anyone leave his liquor where a child can reach it?
When I see a bunch of people in a place now it makes me upset. Also I hate waiting for lines.
This street vendor is selling glasses.  He reminds me of all the vendors that come up to me on the street and hassle me to buy something when I repeatedly say no. so annoying.
Apparently this guy is a player and using two women for his own benefit.
The couple in this photo seem to be quite perturbed with one another as they sit together on an airplane.  It seems this will not be a very fun flight given their current demeanor.
This waiter has his hands on his hip like he is in a hurry.  There is nothing worse than a rude server who is trying to rush you through the meal.
He is getting stuff out of his bag, he's probably a shoplifter.
He standing at the edge of a trench if he slips it could hurt him bad.
Don't know where they are headed, but waiting in a traffic jam is frustrating because nobody has time for that.
There's a crowd between the viewer and the grocery store here, blocking entry. Several protesters are holding signs but we can't see what they say because of distance and because of the fact that the signs are facing the store, not us. These people, as activists, are upset in some way with the store or its management, so the obvious question is what bad thing did the store owners do, and should we too be upset and angry at them? Or should we just be frustrated by the protest itself and our lack of access to the store? There's hostility here but without further context about this event there's also a bit of confusion in the mix too.
These beautiful majestic creatures should be riding humans for sport in the next life.
A very serious and somber man reading from a large book
I don't know who this man is, but he's looking at me like we're going to fight and going to have to kick his ass.
If i were to wear shorts as short as the two girls, I would hear negative comments.
The expression on the woman’s face looks angry. The body language of the man shows this.
An unhappy patron at a sporting event displays his anger
The poor calf appears to be distress and it's all for the entertainment of humans.
I hope that animal grows up and treats those humans like they're being treated.
I feel angry looking how a little boy is presented on the photo with erotic characters.
I feel anger because the person raising the red flag signifies warnings and it's a metaphor you hear a lot about in the dating game; I've had lots of dating failures so it frustrates me.
The man is taking pictures of store items without buying them and the way he is dressed looks very weird.
The way these toothpaste boxes are strewn about makes me upset that things haven't been sorted through.
I can picture myself being stuck in this heavy traffic, I hate heavy traffic!
If these people are there to take pictures and observe something, then why are they spending the whole time on their phones?
Looking at these items, it reminds me of the trash piling up on landfills and oceans.
Those two do not look like they want to be photographed, especially the lady in the veil.
The numerous boxes set out on the street shows a cluttered and disorganized scene.
These to guys are like Dumb and Dumber - lighting a fire in front of the face of the skateboarder is just plain ignorant.
It makes me really angry because it looks like these precious animals are in captivity instead of in the wild.
I don’t understand why old Asian men are always sleeping whenever they get the chance. It’s public transit wake up
it's annoying to have both lights shining at once
Just a bunch of nerds at the nerd convention looking nerdy
A moral crime, these magnificent animals have been yanked from their homes and forced to learn stupid tricks to amuse humans.  This is cruel and tragic.
Seeing all the graffiti makes me mad.   There is no reason to deface transportation signs.
I can only focus on the graffiti on the sign. Wish people wouldn’t destroy property
The words on the handmade stop sign offends me.
A kitchen that is cluttered, in disarray, and generally not put together is always something that is bothersome.
The sign has been vandalized and makes me feel angry.
There must be something that is seriously bothering the young man while he was on his computer.
The man in the photo looks sinister as he brushes his teeth.
I feel anger looking at this picture of the young adults skateboarding because they look like delinquents.
I feel anger , because the image is of a dry area and it look like so hot.
Although that looks like fun, it also looks very very cold.
The man's eyebrows are wrinkled as he is stressed out and frustrated about something
This looks like a church and I hate going to church.
The seagulls open mouth makes me immediately imagine the harsh sound that is coming from the bird.
I am angry that this beautiful painting was ruined by the addition of the frisbee.
I do not see how being cold can be fun.
Giving the middle finger to the person taking this picture makes me angry. It is disrespectful and rude. She also looks like she has a bad attitude.
I am a bit in a anger because the desk is messy
I feel sad looking at this person staring out the plane.
A road sign is knocked over. I can already sense how annoyed I would be if it were to create confusion while driving.
I can’t stand politicians in any country let alone foreign countries they’re all dictators to me
This guy looks like he would be a jerk, with the suit and smug look on his face.
The expression which this man is using and the form of direct eye contact frustrates me because he is not giving off a positive expression and it also makes me feel tense, the facial expression is confrontational and bothers me because of how he squeezes his eyes and focus to pierce through the lens.
I don't know who either of these people are but they look like politicians that I wouldn't trust.
None of these young men are connecting with each other because of electronics
This elephant looks uncomfortable and possible hurting on the rock
I have no idea why, but blenders have always really irritated me. Must be an odd memory from childhood.
I feel sad when people have boring premade lunches
I am a neat freak so seeing all this luggage piled up in no order at all is frustrating.
The people I this image look like they are up to no good as one of the people try to hide something on their side.
This photo reminds me of how much of my life I'm wasting working in front of boring computer screens when their sunshine outside
I'm angry because the woman's ruining the photo by covering the dog's face with her hand.
There is a lot going on in this picture making the viewers mad because it is to confusing and cluttered.
This is an airport baggage claim, and people are standing around it waiting for there luggage. I see many annoyed faces, and I would also be annoyed in this situation.
The photograph shows a very sunny day. The weather in the photograph must be very hot which always make me angry.
The group of bikers reminds me of having local roads closed which creates more traffic during rush hour.
This looks like perfectly good food being wasted
My 2 kids never pick up after themselves and leave their junk on the couch just like this
The small traffic jam gives me a bit of road rage since I'm not a big fan of driving in crowds.
The scooter in the photograph is parked in a wrong way which is a complete violation of rules. For this reason, this photograph is making me feel angry.
It looks to me like a political big wig in a fancy suit is talking down to a group of women who are exasperated with him.
This extreme violent behavior makes me so sad! I just want to cry!
The cars lined up reminds me of the irritation of being stuck in traffic.
There’s way to many people holding cameras. No one can just look at something these days without documentation
This photo makes me angry because it reminds me of the worst traffic that I have to deal with everyday and night where I live.
This is a picture of a work environment that makes me upset. Those lists of rules of basic human decency have to be posted because people can't even bother to be nice to their fellow coworkers.
The people paying for parking makes the viewer angry because parking should be free and so should the land.
I can only put myself in the shoes of this puppy's owner.   He or she will most likely be quite angry when they come home and find out this adorable, yet mischievous puppy, completely destroyed their chair while they were away.
It looks like someone pushed this meter over intentionally and someone's going to have to pay for it
The elephants do not look happy because they are behind fences. This image makes me angry because the people are smiling and are most likely tourists exploiting the natural habitat and wildlife.
So much construction is making traffic back up and that is so irritating!
I despise traffic on highways.    People are rude and are not very nice most of the time.
I would be upset if I owned the parked, dark blue car and wanted to drive away. I wouldn't be able to get out of the parking space because the truck (and other vehicles) have me hemmed in.
A person is speaking with the another person in an anger way it seems
This is annoying with all the signs and especially the business one.  It's frustrating to see those.
This guy looks kind of mad and angry while playing. I would feel a bit annoyed at him.
It makes me angry to see the donkey hitched to this cart and left alone
The person sitting on the motorcycle has to many mirrors attached to the motorcycle. It makes me angry because all the mirrors seem unnecessary, and could cause a distraction or accident.
These men seem to be still hard at work at night, which is an annoying thing to have to do.
I find this picture irritating because it contains a lot of red and red reminds me of anger
The shopping carts near the intersection means I would have to get out of my car to move them to their proper place to avoid getting my car scratched. Irritating. And the area looks bleak and depressing.
I don’t like seeing an animal alone and tied up
The tightly packed cars in what appears to be Thailand reminds me of the awful time I visited the country for business.
This man is swinging back his arms like he is ready to hit someone, I can see his anger.
This is a beat up truck, with graffiti on it promoting the bible, and to repent for apparently our sins. This is annoying, and it irritates me.
It's annoying that everyone has their phone out instead of enjoying what they are seeing.
I selected anger because this person should not be skateboarding in a parking garage  It is very dangerous.  They could be hit by a vehicle from backing out or even coming around the corners.
The hydrant here looks as if it is in serious need of repair and repainting.
I feel anger when I am looking at this group of people enjoying skiing because I hate the cold weather and I hate snow.
The person looks like he is mad which makes me feel angry.
this man with his hands on his hips with an angry face it looks like he is very mad which in turn makes me angry
This looks like an angry young man who's intent on making those around him uncomfortable
I'm angry that they are at a beautiful lake but they are only focused on their phones.
This gang of boys are very destructive and I wouldn't trust them one bit.
I absolutely hate cold weather and son therefore seeing this picture of all the snow makes me feel very angry.
The red lights made me think of when I'm at a red light in my car which makes me angry, because I hate waiting on red lights.
I'm primarily angry at the disorganization of the people trying to get their bags at the carousel.
The tangled mess of cords makes me feel a bit contentious and annoyed.
This photo makes me feel angry because it appears the girl in the black top is trying to make the other girl fall by pulling on her ankle.
The bike and the other items in this garage are all somewhat jumbled together.
Today’s political climate in the US has unfortunately made me cringe when I see the flag and over-the-top red, white and blue displays.  I imagine these people consider themselves patriots and they feel entirely too comfortable blaring their likely hateful message in this neighborhood.
A WOMAN IS SITTING ON THE SOFA WITH ANGER AND A CAT SITTING ON THE FLOOR THERE IS A BLACK CAT IS THERE
Whoever did this is implying that it is okay to cook creatures alive (even if they are only stuffed animals). This is not a funny joke, but instead, is horrifying.
Ugh, the sea of humanity at the airport. No face with a smile. No one making eye contact. Just busy, busy, busy, hustle, hustle, hustle. Nothing exciting to look at - although the blue-suited woman walking through is with a red-shirted man on the other side is interesting.
Wearing a pair of nice and clean sneakers stepping into a mud puddle.
The shopping cart seems to be very far away from the store where it came from, and this makes me angry because someone did not put it back.
This sign opposing gay marriage that also condemns gay people to death based on a bible quote is despicable.
Women in scant clothing are being used to entertain men. The word "Babes" on the stocky man's shirt epitomizes my disgust with the scene in this photo.
The camera is too close to the guy and his face is gross.
this ballpit reminds me of me playing in the ballpit as a child
I hate this picture of the man walking through the leaves because it reminds me of oncoming winter...which I strongly dislike.
I am very busy right now, do not call me if there is anything urgent.
these fighting statues make me mad
The dog doesnt look to healthy and the windows should not be rolled up.
This image makes me feel angry because I feel horses should be barn animals and not race animals.
The owner of this car could really use a job at the store so not to get towed.
Somebody parking in a place that isn't a parking spot is annoying and would bother me
The litter and food on the ground make me feel angry because it is clear whoever did that had no concern for the community or the environment. Also, there are so many hungry people and this was left to just spoil.
Whenever I see U.S. Airways I feel disgusted by this company, this company has an awful reputation.
This picture makes me feel angry because the animal behind the bars has no power and is being held captive against its will. Animals everywhere are being taken from their native homes to be put on display for humans to look at and the anger the animal feels isn't being taken into consideration.
I can see the anger in this young child's face, he is not happy about something.
The man's deep frown, the woman's accusing pointing finger, and the hand drawn line under "LIAR" all make me angry with the creator of this picture.
Is that a cooking pot on top of the microwave oven ? That's not a safe place to leave it.
Seeing so many vehicles makes me feel angry about the sheer number of vehicles produced for human productivity in juxtaposition to the forests cut down for vehicle infrastructure.
These two guys fighting shows that violence is still a favored form of entertainment, and that people still some to watch it and have fun
This photo makes me angry, just like you can make out on the the woman’s expression. I can’t stand it when someone is on the phone when I’ve been trying to talk to them.
This image evokes anger in me because I don't like the structure and colors of the house in the background. It's something you would see in the MCDonalds Play Place.
These girls look like they're fighting during an organized soccer game, which is bad sportsmanship.
This image makes me feel quite angered. The man in the photo looks upset, and these carnival games are always a scam.
I feel a little angry because the larger sheep has clearly just had a baby (or is caring for one) and is numbered, so it is in captivity, probably to be eaten.
I feel like in the background there is destruction of wildlife/nature happening which is upsetting due to the state of climate change presently.
I feel sad as no animal belongs behind bars--free them all!
Those cats shouldn't be on the table like that because the hairs end up in our drinks and food.
Who hasn't been there before...it's not fun to be emotionally screwed with.
I'm surprised to see these two not wearing safety glasses when using the drill. It is not safe.
I worked for a canidate in the 2020 election and I hate hate hate hate Mike Bloomberg. He should have not run adn this man's face is exactly how I feel.
The colours are bright and red. That included with the expression on the face, highlighting strained muscles,  seems to typify anger
This is a picture of motorcycles and cars and I do not like them because they damage the environment and kill people in crashes.
The barrel on the right and the faucet behind it make no sense as to why they are there.
The material looks as though it has sat and dried for awhile indicating that someone did not clean up after themself and now I have to do it because they were probably being lazy.
I find this movement to be more divisive than anything else. I think we should focus on what brings us together not separates us
Today wasn't the day for me to read an inspirational quote about God. My father just died and got cremated. :(
I don't like when dogs fight because they could get hurt
This image makes me feel anger because I can't really make out this photo because its so distorted.
There is clearly passion on her face. What she is rally for I don't know. But with a bullhorn she will be heard.
If I was a cyclist and rode up to this sign I would be mad and annoyed.  What are you supposed to do now?  You already rode your bike all this way.  It seems unfair and maybe there is a reason but they should explain.
The couple seems to be shocked at the guy with the teddy and its dumb.
The guy in the front is way too close to the camera and looks rude.
That cat is looking at me like it wants to kill me. I'm gonna go with anger because it wants to scratch my eyes out in my sleep.
Not a good way to invade someone's privacy and share secrets.
Makes me irate when people have to rally and fight for a cause when big companies can just do what's right.
Meat is murder and this makes me livid!
Buses of any kind are my arch-nemesis during my morning commutes. Sorry sightseers, you too.
The boy in the picture seems like he is angry and showing his anger to someone.
This women looks like she is screaming with her mouth open and standing real close to whom she is speaking.  The person in the background has her hands out, trying to stop the confrontation.
Seeing this octopus on display like this feels very disrespectful, not artsy.
In the times of the naked before civilized people dressed themselves, respect for animals was non existent. When I see the turtle struggling to breath and move under the weight of this gigantic belly it makes me feel angry.
These animals are in a crowded, wet enclosure with tags punched through their ears, all for profit.  This angers me deeply.
The pain some people endure is sometimes unnoticeable by loved ones around them.
People with no respect for others' property make me angry. Now someone has to waste time and resources to clean up the graffiti.
I feel slight anger since it appears the men in the background are mocking the elderly gentleman in the fore of the photo.
At first I was excited because of the cute horse but then I looked closer and it looks to be tied to the tree. That makes me angry because who would put a beautiful creature on a rope? It deserves to run free.
This image makes me feel anger because animals shouldn't be fighting. I think animals should be free and not caged.
The cat has very narrow pupils and they remind me of a snake which I hate.
I would like to reciprocate the same gesture to the ones that tell me this.
The elephant is being made to perform for a crowd and that makes me feel angry because I think the elephant should be free.
This image makes me angry mainly because I hate cleaning up sea gull poop. Great picture though.
I'm irritated by all the signs. It's too much advertisement. I'd rather see less signs, and more of the buildings.
Based on the facial expressions of each of the people, I feel that this conversation would make me irritable and it will ruin my day.
Im all for lgbt and there rights but you dont see straight people organizing a parade theres just no reason for this.
The way the players are flighting makes me feel uncomfortable.
Seeing all the people waiting in line just upsets me because I hate waiting in lines and have found it generally unneccessary.
If she will give me a chance, I can break all the records of this game.
While the whip is a traditional equestrian tool, the sight of a rider holding one immediately makes me angry on the horse's behalf.
This picture makes me feel anger because I know that the airline charged these women a lot of money just to bring extra luggage.
The scissors are dirty and also bent in a weird way that makes no sense.
The guy is not wearing his left shoe and his sock is going to get dirty.
This poor woman appears to have a lot to say but is powerless to do so. Normally butterflies symbolize change, but the butterfly is covering her mouth rendering her helpless to speak.
The image elicits a personal feeling of anger because of the obvious vandalism that has damaged the appeal of the side of a building.
This photo makes me angry because it looks like she is punching me in the face. Nice tattoo by the way
This photo makes me angry because we the body language of this woman she is devastated...shoes are off as she walks home or just down the sidewalk. I'm angry at whoever or whatever has caused this pain.
In this picture the man is looking as he is totally angry.
This reminds me of children getting left in cars, even if that isn't the situation here.
He is losing hair by the minute from waiting in this awful traffic jam.
The sign reminded me of the whole abu ghraib incident and it made me angry.
Headlines on a newspaper: Horror at Home. Shows the horror of 911.
The lane closed signs in the dark make me angry because I hate driving at night anyway and now I would have to turn around and find an alternate route.
this blur photo makes me anger on this photographer about his poor photography.
These people look very disgusted during a protest, and they are just as angry as I feel when I see Occupy business signs. It speaks volumes about society and does invoke anger from people.
This ware house left with without lighting and looks dark and makes me feel angry about their maintenance.
This pic brings me a sense of anger because hockey is a violent sport. I don´t like watching hockey.
I wonder why so many parents give in and allow their kids and teenagers to waste their free time on videos games instead of exercising or playing sports.
The colour red makes me annoyed as does this ugly truck.  No sky or trees in sight makes this a dim scene
the girl looks angry and like shes is about to shout at someone, the black and white make it look dramatic
They look like they want to sell me something, and I don't want it.
this man is clearly upset
Seeing the wheel and the people playing whatever carnival game this is reminds me of the time my brother in law got scammed out of hundreds of dollars playing a game like this at a local feast.
The place has too many crowded and no one is having a good time.
The way the man is scowling his face makes me think he is angry which in turn makes me angry.
Amusement park games are always rigged. Anger and frustration doesn't even begin to cover it.
This photo of a male teen giving me the finger on the other side of the pool table makes me angry. He looks like a jerk and reminds me of friends I have who will get all moody and mean whenever they loose or are loosing a mutual game.
The image elicits a feeling of anger through its hostile depiction of a scene featuring scolding stares between men.
For reasons I can't really define, trade shows really irritate me. This is three people at a trade show.
The field of flowers is very thick and bright but  image is too narrow.
The man is making a disgruntled face that puts me on edge, he seems aggressive
The guy at center right looks very angry about something.
Seeing the look on that guys face reminds me vividly of the frustration I faced the last time I attempted to assemble a tent alone.
The posture of being leaned forward with hands in their hair and their facial expressions in response to their computer screen show a frustration that's relatable.
I don’t like driving behind trucks on the highway so this gives me angry feelings.
This E-bike is parked in the cycle stand without parking in the bike parking area makes me feel angry.
I used to have a neighbor who played the drums--so I am against this set up...
I feel anger when seeing this mans own yelling expression and how he face is very red.
This pic brings me a sense of anger because it seems like the policeman is going to give those guys are hard time. His body language looks like he thinks he´s better than them.
the girl's screaming face and the red graphics make me feel angry
I am slightly angry because the drawing of the man over the sign will make the sign harder to read.
Humans don't seem to like being told what to do and will continue to ruin the planet with their litter
Perhaps this picture was just merely taken at a bad time, but it angers me to see that someone is letting two dogs fight this intensely. Hopefully, no harm was inflicted on either dog in this image.
The picture is sideways!  That pisses me off!
All the boats are cluttered on the other side of the fence and need to be cleaned.
I imagine myself being a victim of the broken down bus that had to wait for another bus to transfer to
The artwork on the plane initially makes me think of native peoples, and I don't imagine they would be pleased by a corporate airline using it to promote their brand.
Too many people have road rage and cause unnecessary accidents.
Seeing this sign with people's last names as hashtags makes me angry knowing there is the need to protest against inequalities
This looks like a very busy place. I do not enjoy being around crowds.
The anger in the ladies face and the presence of the cross makes me feel as if I’m being attacked.
a man in anger situation and he ready to harm anyone with stick.
The kitten is looking angry because it was sleeping piecefully but the sun rays hit on his face directly
The room is messy and has too much clutter on the walls.
Looks like a typical day at Walmart just waiting for the slow service to speed up.
I feel angered because there is trash just thrown on the ground. It looks like the trash collection company hasn't came to pick up trash in about a month.
The logo and lines in the image ruin what could have been a great picture.
the dog looks angry at those birds
I recognize that this was taken in the early 1900's but I hate that animals were exploited because they were viewed as exotic.
I despise people who abuse animals and force them to perform for human amusement. What makes this even more egregious is that elephants are highly intelligent.
I feel a bit angry because the guy on the left has obviously done something wrong, probably wronged another person in some fashion.
A little boy is angry because he is not getting what he wants. I don't understand the photo edited sticker (doesn't look real and so I have discounted it.)
The city needs to step up their infrastructure and fix this road from flooding.
This image makes me feel quite angry. I hate it, and have had this fight with roommates multiple times, when someone leaves the bathroom door open. The smell of whatever they did in there always follows them out and seeing this picture of an open bathroom door makes me angry.
The Pitbull chasing the big dog make me very upset.
I dont like loud cars or crazy driving so this makes me annoyed.
Seeing the smoke being produced by the rear wheels of the car burning out makes it seem like the driver doesn't care about his tires which makes me angry.
The crowd seems to be blocking the road and could be hit by a car.
I feel the anger this child's parents will feel when they find she has dumped the Nesquick all over the table and is now playing with it and getting it everywhere.
This woman looks busy and it looks like the photographer does not care at all.
These bikers look like they are using a road which has been shut down for some reason.  That behavior reeks of an attitude that the rules are for everyone else.
Something about the guy with his phone to his ear and the way he is looking makes me think he is one of those people that carries on really loud conversations on his cell phone, completely oblivious to the people around him that have to HEAR HIM. So self-centered. And that self-important look on his face... Go. Away.
I dont want to be rude but I dont like pictures of people earing or getting pictures taken of me eating either.
I feel anger because the look on the faces of the women mostly appear angry or at least some form of being upset. They appear to be protesting and even though I don't know what they are protesting their anger makes me feel angry with them.
He has a gross look in his eyes and the food is sloppy.
Looks like the guy in the white shirt is tired of waiting to cross the road.
This makes me feel annoyed because it reminds me of all the times the train is late!
This person is practicing picking a lock, which makes me angry to think about how they might use this skill to take advantage of someone else.
A man suited up in plastic working outside on a rainy day in a muddy and dirty environment is unhappy in his surroundings.
I don't like being forced to take group photos like this one.
This reminds me of the petition people that stop and badger you in the street and that is very annoying I dont like them.
This bus is packed and there are a lot of people in line already and I feel like I'd have to wait for another one to come along.
This guy looks like he's too close to the girl. She does not look comfortable around him.
looking at this picture makes me fell the woman is angry or annoyed.
This shows anger because people can't park there.
Steve Jobs was a billionaire who exploited his employees to get to where he was and that makes me angry.
This looks like a sideshow where people with different divergencies are mocked and used for show.
People like this take up way too much room at the library.
The players and coach seem offended by what someone is saying.
I am angry that the construction project will create so much loud, annoying noise.
The dim office lighting contrasted with the bright windows make me feel angry that we we spend so much of our lives doing work in front of computer screens.
The kid does not seem comfortable holding up the gun.
The men are far too close, the finger pointed in the other's face. It doesn't look like they're happy to each other. The darkness of the colors makes it look brooding. The camera's perspective looks off, like a sudden snapshot.
This reminds me of the paparazzi taking pictures of people and that makes me feel annoyed.
For whatever reason, the look on the woman's face (and the way she is holding her phone) makes me think she is pretentious, wealthy and judgmental.
It is very crowded and not safe to be carrying things over their head.  If the phot is in the Covid area, it is irresponsible for them to be so close with no masks.
A marching band of placard-wielding protesters with drums, whistles and brass instruments annoys me on behalf of all of the people whose peace will be disturbed by the cacophony.
The chairs are all over the place and not lined up neatly and organized and that makes me mad.
Kids should never play with fire especially in the woods.
It looks like the two women are gossiping and saying something mean about someone.
This makes me feel mad because I am imagining being that lady getting all that water dumped on her you can already see she is getting wet before the huge puddle of water even pours down completely!
This is not a safe way to pull a heavy storage box.
The ground makes the day look very hot and that sucks for the guy.
I sm angry becsuse a vessel of war is bring climbed on like a jungle gym. This weapon could have killed people and now it is being played on. I think it us inappropriate
The photo shows two black men standing next to a white woman, the two men talking or explaining something to the woman, but she doesn't seem to want to listen. I don't like the attitude of that woman, she seems disrespectful to the speaker.
The person needs to be careful. There is no reason to be playing around like that.
People are riding elephants, which they really shouldn't do. Its bad for an elephants back.
He looks like hes about to smash santa makes me sad thinking of someone smashing such an icon
I am angry that it looks so hot in this picture, everyone is sweating and yet sitting in the full, unrelenting sun.
I hate sea animals like orcas in captivity because it is bad for them.
I hate it when a boss starts yelling at a worker for a mistake they've made.
The supervisor of this construction site looks angry and he isn't wearing a hard hat. He should follow the rules.
I'm angry about how bad the architecture is.  It's such a strange tiny balcony that looks like a cheese grater, or rather a potato dicer.  It's weird.
There is new construction and it looks as if it could be gentrifying a neighborhood
This upsets me because the man looks very suspicious and not careful.
I feel angry because the person seems capable of doing work yet begs for money instead.
Although the faces of these young people indicate they are having fun, their costumes make me think of teen pageants, which often take advantage of those participating; hence my anger.
The lady with the blue shirt looks as if she is not happy walking in the rain while her partner holds the umbrella over her.
The kid in the yellow looks like he's about to start a fight.
I feel like the people in this picture are about to cause trouble by rioting.
The red black and white uniformed men take their role very seriously, no one smiling and they look mad.
This man looks angry as he went to jump and spilled his beverage.
I can feel the anger of these two dogs as they appear to be quite agitated with one another and in the middle of having a fight to sort it out!
What I envision looks like a man throwing a piece of trash onto the ground as someone catches him with a camera from above, makes me feel angry.
Does this man have permission to decorate the public wall?
How can all these people gather together and not wear masks?
These two old men are disagreeing about something.  One is holding a cigarette and the other is using his fingers to make a point.
The guy is way too close to the mic and its dumb.
I will not in any way gather with lots of people due to the pandemic!
Why would anyone hike where up there to camp in the cold snow?
I'm not really a fan of dogs, so the picture with a dog frustrates me.
The boy has an annoying look on his face when he cries.
The way this woman is walking in public, with her hand the way it is kind of with an attitude and I don't like that.
Crying and loud crying babies are enough to upset most people to take action to stop the crying.
Those chairs are terrible to sit on and I dont like them.
She is so beautifully dressed and her produce is bright and healthy looking but she does not look happy, she looks like she is being forced to be there.
This looks like a boring workshop or staff meeting that I would hate to be at.
I can tell the man pointing is upset with the little girl. He must be scolding her for doing something wrong.
The animal looks like it has been left alone and abandoned.
I know it's not fair but I hate construction, I can hear the ruckus in my mind already.
The black man holding the sign seems very religious and very intrusive, and religious people that tell others they are going to hell are not good people. They are rude and make me angry.
watching the cops or security talk to these kids makes me mad, cops are mostly incompetent bullies
The guy holding the cigar looks like he is full of himself which I hate.
The lady with the microphone looks angry and makes me feel that she could be doing something more productive with her time.
I am reminded that there are things that need to be protested and boycotted, this girl must be protesting something meaningful
They both look they have been fighting and wondering why everyone is looking at them strangely.
It looks like the girl with the blue eyes has strangled her sibling.
How can someone even joke of jumping down the cliff?
This makes me feel upset because I feel like the lady is being rude and not supervising the children.
Rodeos are cruel and this sheep looks like it’s in pain.
This person looks mad about something and is talking to everyone there, and they look mad at him for doing it.
Looks like a lecture in a restaurant. I don't know what happening here, but I don't want to be lectured by that old guy.
The black lady is telling the white man, you better not be pointing your finger at me.
Nothing more irritating to look at than road work. It seems endless. I'd hate to have it in front of my driveway.
I am not a fan of dogs, or people who treat dogs like children and carry them, do this photo frustrates me.
The graffiti had ruined the public space this gentleman is walking through.
The are standing apart with disgusted looks on their faces, i think they are having a falling out.
The mother looks trashy in this picture and the home looks nasty and run down.  I don't like how she is giving the daughter a mean look.
There's side parking in this photo and it reminds me of when I had a parking dispute with a meter.
Hate this very badly, Reminds me of the long queues when on the way to work
The American police have blocked the road and I don’t trust their police to do the right thing.
The view of a police car blocking traffic makes me feel annoyance because it would be inconvenient to be a driver stuck in that traffic jam.
This picture makes me anger. I hate it when people smoke. My grandma died of lung cancer and smoke multiple cigarettes a day.
This photo makes me mad because it is a beautiful boat and not being utilized in the water. Often I see so many boats docked at a harbor or marina that never gets used.
Young guy should dresses up well and should have hair style matching to his body profile. This guy has no sense of beauty conscious.
The guy posing for a picture from his computer makes me wonder how much time hes wasted so far trying to get it just right
The cat is disturbing the man, He can't work, definitly he is in anger mood
This is kind of a dumb irrelevant picture to take. it is a bit annoying to see I think.
I imagine that the motorcycle engines are disrupting a peaceful day at the beach.
This Man makes me feel very angry because it looks like a mug shot where he got arrested for raping someone
Honestly if I was to walk in my kitchen and seen this drum set up I would be very mad and irritating. Like who drums in the kitchen?
It's an old crummy bus from Asia. The green and white colors bother me because they don't really match.
I feel angry because rather than living my life exploring the world I instead explore it through pictures of others experiences and adventures. The person in this image probably has more fun driving in the water all day than I do being stuck in a predominantly land locked area. I am not a particular fan of his boats color patterning however, the orange and blue clash too much unless its just how the image is filtered.
This boy is only another source of noise pollution to me.
There is a guy having fun by himself with a kite and his friend did not even bother to show up. That angers me.
The image cuts off the bottom half of the clock which is frustrating
The smile you give someone when they are annoying you, hoping that they will leave you alone. This would annoy me since I might be having a private conversation that requires my full attention.
I hate to be around when aircrafts takeoff because it's very noisy.
It's so cluttered. The piano should not be there. It bothers me that the colors of the sofas do not match.
He or she looks like an annoying liberal who can't stop eating and then complains about fat shaming. People like that angers me.
Somehow, the green cones bother and anger me. I'm used to seeing orange cones. Besides, the picture is blurry and this annoys me as well.
I am angered as I watch this fire hydrant spew and waste gallons of water that could be used for other purposes during heave drought times we are facing.
At the beach, a tall boy carelessly tosses his giant frisbee disc in my face while his friends laugh.
I think a lot of evil comes from the other side of the world.
Nothing fun in seeing an empty room with no pillows, sheets, blankets or anything else that fills the room. Perhaps someone is moving and clearing it out.
Purple is my favorite color, i wish the yellow flowers were blurred instead
It bothers me that the cars ruined the potential symmetry of the picture. I'm pretty sure they took another one later.
I hate having to wait for the signal to change before crossing.
Traffic lights are frustrating in everyday life and an image focused on them brings up that negative emotion.
i hate to see elephants in captivity like this for human entertainment.
I do not like seeing this photo because it reminds me when traffic is backed up because of roadwork. People are always in a rush and rude drivers.
This photo of traffic cones and construction signs makes me angry because it reminds me of the constant contruction that is hapening in my area.  It represents already high traffic areas becoming more and more dense and not enjoyable to live in.
i only think about the pain these animals go through o win a prize for a human. notice, how they are all carrying abuse sticks....
Waiting for a parade and being drowned by rain, this would make me mad since I would be unable to enjoy the parade soaking wet.
Large crowds like this make me feel very angry, like these people have nothing better to do than clog up the streets all day
Trying to focus on more than one thing at once while working, this would make me angry since in that moment I would need to be focusing on what makes me money.
This picture gives me an impression that makes me disturbed because I don't like the use of phones or electronics at the table especially when there seems to be a formal family gathering.
This gives me anger vibes, it also is a forboding omen that the territory your about to enter in may not be safe to outsiders or could be considered the rough side of the train tracks. This depicted image of a stop sign reminds me of that scene in finding nemo when dory looks at the escape, and says E-scap-E, rather than escape.
Destroying a public traffic sign like this is upsetting because I worry that it will cause an accident.
I don't know him but he is a symbol of the new PC trend in the world. The destruction of Western civilization. It is unnecessary to force his ideology by wearing a Mickey mouse shirt and hipster glasses.
Trying to focus on work while everyone talks around you, this would annoy me since the only thing I would want to focus on is my work.
Feeling anger because this seems like another useless police force.  The fact that they are using innocent animals in their activity makes me really  mad.
This photo makes me angry because when I see the way people look malnourished and I see a pile of food I just want to go get a handful of it and give it to them. There are many greedy people in thsi world. I wish I could help all hungry people.
There is a lot going on in this picture. I hate yellow motorcycles and there seems to be a big crowd. It's annoying.
It could've been more symmetrical but the photographer messed it up. I also don't like the old sign in the back.
I SO hate the clatter from a skate board platter!
I can just imagine being caught at this red light -- grr, turn green!
Seeing people on mass transit who take up extra seats with their carry on baggage makes me mad when you have to stand up.
I don't like this coffee shop. There are no comfortable places to sit down with your laptop. I mostly hate the ceiling; it's full of cables and random stuff.
Oh someone has a dangerous area and needs to tidy up their workspace. Those scissors can harm someone and stab somebody if someone is not careful.
I think the bed looks cluttered and I do not like this photo as much because it looks quite messy on the bed.
Reminiscent of a time when I lost luggage.
This Pile of luggage makes me feel so angry because I’m sure the airline canceled the flight and mixed up everyone’s bags
Animals kept in cage instead of where they should be naturally, this makes me angry since I am a strong supportive of protecting animals in their natural habitat.
Having pictures above urinals of women making fun of a man's body parts is not funny.
I don’t like the way the women are portrayed looking at the men’s penises as they urinate, it  is misogynistic.
Seeing a clock in a paid garage knowing that if you park there you are overpaying for every second you stay parked.
The exorbitant rates charged for parking cars at these places are a crime.
Here is an annoying, noise-making juvenile delinquent at play.
I feel angry because this makes me think about a time that I got a ticket and how much money it costs to pay the ticket.
I wish i could read one of the signs and figure out what they were protesting
I hate protestors. Even though they fight for a noble cause, protests have become a stage to display the ugly side of humanity. It angers me.
This image makes me angry. The couple should put more awareness to the surroundings while riding the motorcycle. Avoid using your mobile phone when riding, it is not safe.
This woman on the back of this motorcycle texting and not holding on is dangerous and makes me angry. She should be helping him be his eyes and ears keeping them both safe and not being on her phone. Safety Matters!
Seeing anything political lately just makes me angry.  I'm not sure what these people on protesting, but I Don't want to know.
The airplane flying close to the ground reminds me of how loud and annoying jet engines can be.
The picture of the parking meter makes me angry because it reminds me of getting parking tickets when I lived downtown.
I do not like parking meters because I think the city, state and government are always looking for so many ways to take your earnings X 100. So this photo does not make me too happy.
Whatever these people are opening, their appearance leads me to believe that it is not in the interest of the public, but at the expense of the public.
This image makes me feel angry because that is a very unsafe way to store knives what if they fall you could chop your finger off.
Things like this should be put in a drawer or cutting block sop nobody gets hurt.
This photo makes me think about seeing apple laptops out on display all for over one thousand dollars. I wonder how can it be worth that much.
With the hydrant spilling water all over the place, I feel it is such a waste as so many areas are having a water shortage.
The men playing in the park have the look of frat boys who are either hazing or a part of being hazed as a part of some initiation
I see parking meters and get angry because it seems like the state and government is always looking for ways to get your hard earned money. We pay taxes over and over again. It is sad.
I am angry if I have to sit at the stop lights like that for a long time some of them are so ridiculous they just make your skin crawl.
I wish the mountain was the main focus, it looks gorgeous
The girl sitting on the bench has an expressioon on her face of miserable even though it's beautiful day
The domesticated house cat devours the crippled, natural wildlife.
i hate when people use animals for their own entertainment. i can only imagine how much pain that animal has endured to learn to do this for that human.
You just know this guy is speeding as he is in a red sports car.
Someone needs to clean this messy room up.
The STOP sign is destroying the harmony of the picture. Besides, they used flash so the sign looks brighter. It's annoying.
It's a really crowded place and everyone is taking pictures instead of enjoying whatever is going on there.
All the architecture in this image is accommodating to cars, which are lined up and unable to get anywhere anyway despite their inconvenience to people trying to walk across the street.
I hate motorcyclists because they don’t obey any law and they speed around the roads causing danger to safe drivers. They always tell us to be safe but then they drive around like they own the road.
the graffiti on the sign reminds me that humans ruin everything.
The pole in the middle annoys me. It destroys the harmony of the picture.
It's a boring cake with no decoration. I'm pretty sure somebody paid a lot for that horrible cake.
It bothers me that I can't see faces in this picture. Besides, it is raining and there is no point in playing frisbee with that weather.
the seats on the elephants make it look like this is a tourist bit and not a part of a culture. it makes me angry to see animals treated unfairly for humans entertainment.
I don't like how this picture was taken. It's dull and it bothers me that the road is not even painted. I also hate the grey cars.
It looks like that area is not well kept and that makes me angry because we pay a lot of tax money we should have better looking parks and areas.
I feel anger when looking at this image, how realistic it looks until you understand its probably someones screenshot of a animal poster at a museum. This image gives me a false sense of warmth, like a fluffy cat laying across you expecting pets only to terrorize your hand with claws of damnation as it was all a ruse to get you vulnerable and trusting.
I liked the picture but the dark spot in the top left side bugs me a lot.
It seems odd to put a filter like this with a polaroid effect on such a random picture of food. It feels like it is an unsuccessful joke.
Everyone spends way too much time walking around on their phones. Talking, texting, selfies, etc. This just reminds me of the bad side to technology.
The clattering of these boards makes me want to slap the riders.
Even though the bike is very good looking and wonderful but the girl in the picture looks angry and sad about something. Maybe she is being ignored by someone and doesn't like it. This spoils my mood and I feel a bit angry and sad as well after looking at that girl.
That pie looks delicious and now I really want a piece but dont feel like going to the store
This person really needs to learn about cable management
I angrily Love the dual monitors, However I absouletly dispise the cable management and lack of RGB coloration that this individual lacks in their life. Additionally, I dilike strongly how there is random stuff cluttering the desk, it should be a clean open space for maneuverability and a stress free piece of mind.
The messy cable management angers me because it looks messy and disorganized - it would look better if they were grouped together.
The giraffe is fenced in so this must be some kind of zoo. I would have to see a wider view to see how much room the animals have in order to feel content. This view makes it seem like the giraffe doesn't have much room to walk around. I don't think zoos should be able to exist unless the animals have a lot of space to move around.
No matter how nice the keepers are, imprisoning animals is wrong.
I do not really care for this photo because I do not really like to see animals in cages.
This man is crazy standing out in the middle of the street while there are vehicles approaching. The things that angers me are moments like this.
The plane streaks are pretty but it reminds me of the failed and harmful baby gender reveals
The immense amount of snow and clear lack of city plowing just makes me mad imagining having to drive over that.
Working days on winter always makes me anger as the snowfall makes tough to drive as it covers the road.
The cow looks like it wants to be free away from the fence and I wish it was
Oh when I see the freeway near a big city all I can think is anger and how people can drive so recklessly. people need to be safer on the roads.
With the economy ill probably never be able to afford a house close to that size
Seeing so many cars parallel parked so close together makes me feel anxious that they won't be able to get out of the parking spot later.
This pics makes me anger because i don't like abusing the animal.
I do not like road work so this photo makes me anfry. Also, people do not respect other drivers so it is an aggravating photo for me.
Those umbrellas annoy me. They are all blueish. There is no order in this picture.
Dinner being ruined by an argument would make me mad since it should be time spent together.
It's better to have talks during dinning. It looks like they are engaged in talks that might spoil the dinning experience which makes me feel anger.
Reminds me of the train by my house thats guaranteed to come by when im running late
I would feel anger, this is the look that I get right before someone gets an earful of what they did wrong.
I feel anger imagining all the pollution from the boat.
This group of people have several dogs on a flotation device in the ocean and there is a huge wave fixing to hit them and the dogs could get harmed.
These people are just abusing the dogs by forcing them to surf. Horrible people. It's annoying.
I wish the wanted poster wasnt ripped and I could read it
Photo looks blurry and it angers me that it is not clear so I can receive the benefit of viewing it more clearly.
I like cats but the picture is so blurry that it annoys me. Why can't people learn to take pictures?
Look at the guys being lazy when they should be working not just stood around on their mobiles
Those bushes bother me a lot. They make the house look untidy.
I would love to give this nuisance a smack on the head, but I shall refrain.
My mom never signed me up for ballet even though I begged and begged
I hate blind dates. Thought it was going well until he stole my giant desert and licked the whipped cream off the top.
The railroad workers are taking a break after the foreman announced the new overtime rules.
The large amount of construction workers just standing around and not actually working makes me feel angry that this is what my tax dollars are going toward.
I wouldn’t want to be the person late for work because of the construction at the train station.
The way the storage is organized in this room is giving me anxiety. How are you supposed to reach those storage cubes on top?
Elephants should be free in their own environment, not standing on lot cement for human's entertainment.
A cruel circus master forces two exploited elephants to eat pumpkins on the crowded streets of New York.
I can't believe these elitists forced me onto a bus instead of sending their butler.
Elephants should never be used for human entertainment or benefit!
A herd of cows has blocked the road and I am going to miss the train.
Most of the time I see motorcycles on the road they are loud and driving irresponsibly.
This image gives me a feeling of anger. I dislike crowds, especially in the rain. This would make me very uncomfortable and I just want to go somewhere else.
When someone points their finger at me, I feel blamed which often makes me feel angry as well.
Our sedan got stuck in the sand and now the whole ship is behind schedule.
Motorbikes make me angry as I know how many accidents and injuries they cause,
The picture is of Israeli government officials but it makes me think of American government.
I have ripped my jacket one too many times on this white wrought-iron fence.
The man on the motorcycle is projecting an attitude and his dog will certainly be a problem.
Those bananas are going to go bad in the spots where those umbrellas were poked into them!
My dog does the same thing i hate when they destroy their toys.
Whoever set fire to the sculpture in the public square needs to be brought to justice!
A restrictive work environment like this kills my work ethic.
A random lady on the side of the road tries to talk to me like I'm a dog.
The lady wearing a yellow sweater tells the caller repeatedly that she will not be able to assist him.
The culture around gynecology and how women are treated in medicine is absolutely horrid--right down to its beginnings!
The freight train is spewing thick grey smoke across the countryside. The train's work could be accomplished with a more Earth-friendly engine.
This does not look like an appropriate environment for a zebra to be captive in.
I hate detour signs so much, especially when there appears to be no valid reason for a detour.
Road construction is so frustrating in cities, especially on one-way streets!
People are very upset when they realize they've been charged for an extra pitcher of domestic beer.
People who dump trash in public spaces are some of the worst types of people!
I feel a bit of anger seeing that appliance and garbage just out on the sidewalk. I could imagine a lot of that could be recycled, but will just end up polluting the earth in a landfill.
These kind of people with their obnoxiously loud bikes disturb me while I'm trying to sleep.
I think this is animal cruelty, these two guys need to let the elephants take a bath on their own.
It's rare to see elephants in the wild, I don't think people should be exploiting them or using them as the men in the photo are. They should be left alone.
These people arguing during a tennis game make me angry.
The kid riding the skateboard in the store is probably annoying  patrons, it's very annoying.
This shopping mart looks like a total mess. The kid playing in a skateboard and someone is sitting in the floor and playing some video games. Looking all those stuffs would make me to regret shopping.
It is very frustrating when traveling and there is a long line to get through security.
These boxes remind me of working in an office which always angered me.
Homeless people make me angry especially when they stopped me and asked for money I hate that
I feel angry that this cat ripped the head off the teddy bear
I bet it sucks riding that bus in traffic like that
This computer office set up makes me angry and upset because it looks like my work and I don’t wanna go back to work on Monday
Adolf Hitler may have went to Antarctica.
The kid taking pictures of himself while he's supposed to be brushing before bed tells me he's sneaking around while not being supervised
I don't like the looks of the marks on the horse's back or sides - it looks like a saddle was used that was too small
This traffic on a street makes me feel angry.
Looks like they are waiting in traffic that sucks
I feel like the guy is yelling at me and i dont like being yelled at.
Really mad that the leader of the Tour De France was hung up by this farmer and his sheep in the middle of the road. Didn't he know the tour was happening?
Someone is carelessly leaving a piece of luggage along the side of the sidewalk and no one nearby seems bothered
All those cables in the sky degrade the environment for everybody around.
I can't believe that the person who took this picture messed it up so bad by having all the wires around.
This old motorbike parked on a sidewalk makes me feel angry
Any place that does not allow dogs makes me mad because they should allow them.
I hate disorganized workplace, because I cannot work properly especially, and I cannot concentrate on doing the assigned task for me whenever I see the things are scattered everywhere.
This looks like the worst frisbee team I have ever seen and I am sure they are going to lose
It looks like the kids are bored and annoyed. I would be telling them that they should be doing more than sitting down on the couch.
If I was on the left side of traffic I would be pissed to be that backed up and only seeing one car on the opposite side.
This coffee cup should have been thrown in the trash bin and not left on the table for someone else to throw it away.
Should have given this old computer monitor to a recycling joint and not leave it here.
The photo shows abandoned rubbish which infuriates me as it's destroying the planet.
I am angered as I look at this electronic waste trash that sits on a curb. This TV should be recycled or place in electronic donation bins.
this man is dressed nice but is not acting professional and that really bothers me.
I'm missing out on all the cuddles.
Seeing stop signs stuck with annoying stickers is so annoying. One can find other and better ways to express their opinions.
taking pictures of your food is so ridiculous
The enclosure that the elephant is in seems a little small for it to have a happy life. This looks like a zoo and it make me angry that they would hold this animal in a small space.
The bananas are wasted instead of distributed to the need.
Please put your umbrella upwards. Because if you put it downwards, it may hurt someone and that may cause anger to other people.
this stop sign makes me think of getting traffic tickets and that really angers me.
Long chain replies of social media postings are usually filled with drama and I don't like the feeling of stress even when I have nothing to do with it.
Being a Roman Catholic, you should not lay the cross on your shoulder. The cross must put of the church not on the human's shoulder and not to displaying it on public places while talking somebody on the cellphone.
Why the women in focus are out at a gathering of some sort the attention they give their little screen makes me realize they may as well just be home doing whatever their doing, clearly not present mentally
The ladies are engrossed expressionless in their phones rather than talking to one another.
The crowd gathered in front of the statue on a rainy cold morning remind me to much of the riots on the news
The empty view of a kitchen reminds me of touring over priced apartments in not so great areas, knowing Id be lucky to be offered a lease that I don't want
I feel like this because the tennis player in the photo looks angry about the game
The image of the man working on his laptop while sitting on his couch at home fills me with anger, because I hate having to finish work tasks at home after hours.
It is always my vehicles that break down, you can see the frustration building on his face as he tries to fix his bike. I am usually in that position with my truck at least once a week.
This guy is destroying perfectly good grass with his truck for no good reason.
Any time a bird is this close to your car, it usually means they are about to poop on it.
All of the bikes knocked over makes me very mad at whoever did this terrible thing.
Watching the old man trying to navigate Google maps makes me anticipate the numerous questions I'll be asked over and over again to try and facilitate and understanding to someone who won't retain any of the answers they're given
Judging by the attire and the scene presented the group reminds me of over privilege and wastefulness
It boils my blood seeing those poor elephants being worked to death.
Churches make me feel angry for a variety of reasons including my own personal negative experiences in church and also because of the division it creates between different groups and cultures.
This picture seems really weird, like the person is taking a photo of these ladies without their consent.
The man seems angry that his friend might be making fun of him
just like a damn cat to claim the remote
The man lingering in the road reminds me to much of beggars waiting at high traffic stop lights in the city, where the stand creepily outside your window asking for hand outs
The tight space makes me uncomfortable because there is little room to breathe.
The  things are not placed in proper places and disordered
The couple sitting on the steps makes me think of the scum bags that wait to ask for money going in and out of the subway station
The close up of the man makes me think of a middle aged creep posting selfies to tinder thinking he can take what he wants
The man in the image kind of has an angry and just overall pissed off face which makes me feel a bit angry myself.
In the neighborhood where my family I use to live was a house that looked very similar to this house.  It causes great anger in me because a 15 year old boy who lived there stabbed his mother to death and shot his step-father and brother.
Smoking in public should be banned. Period. This guy is committing an offense. Terrible.
Looks like an old oscilloscope that we were using in labs during my studies. These were some terrible hours.
The plane reminds me airports which are crowded and annoying.
Those damn bikers are slowing down traffic
This fat guy is making me upset because you should be eating a salad instead of a giant hotdog
The image of the laptop on the bed fills me with anger, because it elicits feelings of my boss's lack of professional and personal boundaries when he would email me tasks to do at home outside of work hours.
The light post must provide some light to the people. It is hard on the street without any light at all.
Theres a place for everything and unfortunately the bank is not the place for skateboarding
The skateboarder breaking things to get a hint of enjoyment, go to a skate park!
This picture of a man floating above a bunch of junk makes me feel angry for some reason.
The mans look of self importance while engaged on a cell phone reminds me of corporate suits who do not care who they hurt
The smug look on this guys face makes me feel he is up to no good.
smoking can causes lung cancer and other health problems,I mus influence other people to avoid smoking.If met him I also influence him to avoid smoking
This black train is releasing black smoke. This black smoke causes pollution, and this thing is not good to the environment.
Looking at the thick black smoke coming out of this black locomotive tells us how much we contribute to air pollution.
The old smoky train looks bad and dangerous to the environment.
I don't like to be in disorganized places like this.
Seeing the cold snow coming down near the building reminds me of cold winters. I am angry that it is not warmer yet and hope for sunny spring weather soon.
I don't like crowded places. I get a dizzy feeling.
The overcrowded harbor in this scene must be a pain to traverse
This man's fashion choices are extremely upsetting and making me angry, what an ugly outfit
This photo makes me feel very annoyed because it is of a very dark room and as such I can't really tell what is going on there.
Wish i had a house like that
Do not let son eat a big size of food, because if he swallows it without chewing it into smaller pieces it may block his esophagus and that may cause some operation. A single operation I think may cause a lot of money. So before giving your son a food, make sure that the food is cut or sliced into small bite size to avoid any onto wards accidents in life.
It reminds me of the bus service where I live as that's run by First Group too and they are awful. Busses often just don't run making people late for work and the cost is way to high. It's often cheaper to get a coach to another city than get the bus into the city center here.
traffic always gets screwed up by never ending construction
This image made me feel angry because I looked at all the traffic and roadwork and imagined what it would be like to drive in that every day.
This road construction reminds me of traffic and I hate traffic.
The girl is making a face with a lot of attitude like she’s upset with the conversation she’s having
Snow makes me angry and I would not want to drive around in it that is why I live in Los Angeles
Staring into a sink in the middle of the day makes me think of never ending chores that no one wants to help with
animals have no business being caged up like this
Those birds deserve to fly wild and free and not be locked in a tiny little cage crammed together
The birds in this cage remind me of a parakeet my parents owned and how obnoxious it was.
These bananas and other fruits look very expensive and make me feel angry.
There is something on this highway. Why they did not put any streetlights on the side to provide light to the motorist, because without any streetlights, this may cause accidents to the motorists driving their vehicles with them. This may also the cause of the death of a motorist especially when he or has a problem in driving a vehicle.
It looks like when I try to take a photo at night and it keeps coming out blurry.
These red traffic lights in the night make me feel angry.
I find this offensive. Someone has clearly taken a photo of this womans body and cut off her head
I love double decker busses but know that due to the contrived PLANDEMIC I may never get to travel anywhere again that has them.
The children in a learning environment makes me dread trying to wrangle 2 dozen kids who have no attention span
that zebra looks really sad behind that fence. you can tell it wants out
Cops harassing people really makes me angry and upset, nobody likes the police, especially bike cops, what losers
The woman with a display on a crowded road makes me loathe the hot summer days in a crowded city where people ask for money for their unimpressive displays
The graffiti doesn't look like art and makes me think someone has no regard for the rules.
Why people are not properly working now a days, see that traffic signals are damaged and everyone is passing it what would they do if anyone got injured by that, it make me so anger.
Few things I despise more than untidy surroundings. This place looks like a calamity --- it needs to be straightened out ASAP.
I would be so angry and upset to see my kitchen left a mess like this by the remodelers
Minute cards are deeply annoying, someone is laying out an annoyance and taking a picture of it.
Stuffed animals just irritate me because they don't serve a purpose and just create clutter.
The only thing i hate more than watching baseball is having to play
why is the door so close to the toilet? your in a bad situation if you got to open dooe and sitting on toilet same time
The picture is mostly someones head. Who wants to see the back of some persons head?
A furious Karen screams on her cellphone about something inane to the rest of us.
I had a bad experience with a teacher making me cry over volleyball, so I hate it now
This picture of a train car in a big city reminds me of what life was like when I lived in a city, loud, chaotic, never a moment of downtime.
Even though I am supposed to feel some kind of exhilarating feeling when I see a guy cross country skiing with mountains in the background, smiling into the sunlight, I feel anger because we are in a pandemic, experiencing inflation and a war in Ukraine, and this guy has not a care in the world.
All of these cooking tools just make me angry and upset because I just suck at cooking.
I tried to brush my Dog's teeth before with pet toothpaste and it don't not go very well and just pissed me off
This reminds me of the old snakeoil peddlers.  He's sitting there with his briefcase trying to sell his seeds for some super strain of herb that will cure all your ills.
He looks like a guy that would come to your school to try and convince you to do stuff you sincerely hate.
Laughing at the thought of cutting her hair, I would not be very happy if someone cut my hair!
The race against the belt and people to get my bag would not make me happy to be in such a hurry.
She looks very angry and impatient, as if she's been stood up for dinner, and it makes you angry for her.
I hate motorcycle cops, they are useless, and don't do anything but give out traffic tickets, which is NOT fighting crime.
Looks like these police are occupying a lane and further congesting traffic.
The picture is disappointing because the kid appears to possibly be skateboarding indoors, which, if true, he should not be doing.
Those work conditions look super depressing and I know I’d lose my mind if I had to work there
Zebras are wild animals and shouldn’t be kept in captivity
water is always precious and this systems should be corrected soon
I dislike motorbikes as they make such a horrendous noise.  This makes me feel angry thinking of it
I can almost hear the annoying clatter of this man.
They blocked the mans face with an instrument. The marine should have his face showing.
It is not advisable to see your cat is on prone position especially on your laptop. The cat may press some keys that will destroy the wallpaper and icon programs.
Those guys in the background are all watching this girl who is just minding her own business trying to go about her day
This man wouldn't let her brush her teeth peacefully.
Churches and crosses make me very upset and angry, because I do not believe in God or religion
He seems very angry at what seems to be a customer complaint, and the whole situation makes you angry too.
I DONT LIKE, BEING STOPED BY A SIGN BOARD
The words are backwards and all I can think is "you had one job".
I feel angry by this photo because of the deplorable conditions in which this cow is kept. It's eye appear sad.
The view of a city taken from under a bridge makes me feel angry.
It’s upsetting to see so many people just on there phones instead of interacting with each other. It’s frustrating and reminds me of all the time I have felt ignore while my friends and family play on there phones.
The slimy suit men are schmoozing and probably being corrupt.
The girl is looking away  and it makes me worried she doesn’t know she’s getting her picture taken
The super bikes really get on my nerves on the roads around me. Reminds me of that and the pure ridiculous selfish noise they make
Yikes. Not many places that make me more fearful than a packed airplane. Too many people.
The crowded plane is so cramped the passengers are having a difficult and stressful time boarding off.
Just stop looking at your phone already and let's spend the day together as we planned. You always seemed to look at that thing and ignore me.
I feel annoyed looking at a picture of a random woman staring into her phone like I wasted seconds of my life I'll never regain.
The M.I.T banner reminds me of college which I was not a big fan of.
This is a huge snow storm area and it makes me angry and highly stressed to look at.
The gull in the center looks nasty and mean, like he is bullying the other gulls, and that makes me angry.
These valentines day bears are so stupid, Valentine's Day and stupid made up holidays really make me angry!
The Trump Tower isnt as beautiful as it used to be. . .
Really dislike this motorcycle. Selfish noise which reminds me of the people in my area at 2 am that go through our streets
Is the opposite of a green thumb a black thumb? Because if so i have one
This neighborhood reminds of the time I stayed in NJ. I hated trying to find parking at our airbnb.
It's upsetting to me that we need signs not to throw trash in public toilets.
Parking meters upset and make me angry, why do we have to pay for parking?!?!
The person looks angry at the cat and like they may hurt it.
The traffic in the photo is a bit to much and would make me mad.
when entering the parked in the sunlight it fells very hot and exhausting
Church and religion make me angry and piss me off because none of it is true and it is all a big lie!
Riding a motorcycle is not very smart so this image makes me very angry. Too easy to get into an accident and hurt yourself.
I really dislike loud motorcycles. Cant wait for everything to become electric powered with no noise and no pollution
This angers me because that painting looks nude and that is highly inappropriate.
I feel like theyre wearing too many clothes for the beach, sand will be everywhere.
the player looks like he is losing and needs to get some points back.
This picture makes me feel angry because it looks like an airport and the folks in costume are probably disrupting people moving about.
She is using bed for working, it is not right place to do so and she might have use work bench for it. Bed is not a place to do work. This makes me to feel anger toward her.
looks like a terrible time going at the airport
Seeing all of the bright traffic signs makes me irritable about my morning commutes
It makes me feel angry to see roadwork and congestion.
I hate having to set up new electronics, it can be frustrating.
I feel really angry and annoyed by this photo because it is so random in nature and makes no sense.
several drops make an ocean
I despise wasting water! My heart is screaming for someone to stop that!
The hodgepodge of office supplies and accessories made it impossible for us to find anything in our colleagues desk.
I see a guy traveling in a bus instead of using his skateboard.
It makes me angry that adults have kids out there protesting and supporting something that is hateful that they really know nothing about.
Protestors really do make me angry, like you have nothing better to do with your time than stand around and bitch with signs?
There are chains around the poor elephant's feet and looks like it may be wounded. It is on its side and looks to be mistreated.
This home office computer set up makes me angry because it reminds me of my own work office set up and I hate my job!
Yeah shes cute but teach her now that you brush your teeth in the bathroom lol
This guy is talking on his phone and not watching where he is going -- big pet peeve!
Big crowds and gatherings like this just piss me off and make me angry at how crowded they are, that is why I try to avoid these things!
Seeing a bike in this water reminds me of how much humans pollute the environment.
hate to be disturbed while in a work or something
The view down the train tracks reminds me of all the angry times I have spent looking to see if the train is coming yet.
I don't know why the church and the house are so close together and it feels cramped.
That kid is way too young to be taking selfies in a mirror shirtless.
This guy looks like a chump. Like he's got an instagram account and tries to sell soap or something with it.
Seeing all of the vandalism around the train station gives me anxiety about our future
It looks like she is texting while driving and has two phones in her hands, the car looks like it is moving, it doesn't look like she is parked.
In my state, you are not allowed to be on the cellphone and drive at the same time and it really make me angry when I see people on their cell phone while driving now.
Even though the woman is smiling, she is being very unsafe using two devices while driving.
I feel angry that this woman is checking two phones while driving and not looking where she is going.
This image of a computer mouse upside down with the bluetooth piece still inserted brings familiar feelings of anger.  I vividly remember recently trying to remove this for my work mouse and I spent a huge amount of time trying and never could.
It angers me to see this plastic trash just thrown on the ground by someone.
Her expression makes it seem like she's glowering at something angrily or trying to pick a fight
It's 5pm and the train ticket counter is already closed.
That's the second time, I dropped that stupid stapler and now I've almost tripped over it.
Women like this really make me angry because I bet you she thinks she is super hot, but really she's not that good looking...
The lady needs to play more attention to her surrounding rather than the phone.
A stop sign in it's natural habitat, the site of them give me a little anger since they are usually the reason that I get a ticket.
I hate motorcycle cops, they are just so useless and don't actually fight any crime, they just had out speeding tickets!
This image makes me feel angry because someone has parked a sports car crooked in their spot, likely obstructing the spot next to them.
A piece of cake is shown on a miniature saucer plate, revealing very stingy portions served at this dinner table.
The bottom of her cheap phone started coming up; I feel bad for this little girl. She probably can't afford a new one since she's just a child.
Play has been stopped and it seems that the call (or lack there of) is not making anyone happy. Lots of irritation on the faces of all the players and staff.
This boy skaboarding on a road makes me feel angry.
The old nerd is bothering people by smoking.
The sign looks like some annoying anti-formal education propaganda that is dangerous for kids to see
Those cell phone key chain things on her phone really piss me off, they are so stupid.
The bright sun shining through the window in this picture blinds me and angers me as if it were in real life.
The photo is really dark like these people are having to work overtime well into the night
Two rams laying down in opposite directions on rocks.
Do not let your eyes look to other things, stay focus on the baby, because if you look something else, the baby may swallow the toothbrush and the toothbrush may go to the esophagus and that may kill the baby.
A young woman is partially soaked by the rain, as she has apparently been stood up by her blind date.
I hate rainy days, they always ruin all of the plans I had made to do that day.
This woman is too hot to be with this stupid guy, it is really upsetting to see them together!
Whenever I see trucks like this piled high with junk it makes me angry because I feel that the junk could fall of the truck at anytime.
I feel violated as this person behind me is eavesdropping on my call.
This subway leaving from the station makes me feel angry.
Ugh I hate remodeling. I wish it were just done right the first time then you wouldn't have to do it all over again.
Someone defaced this stopsign with graffiti, I don't like it.
This majestic vision of awe inspiring geology, look at that perfect outcropping behind the contrast of stop sign, is hardly the place for a political message. Some people just can't stop themselves and that is aggravating.
This image of a woman on top of an elephant in the circus infuriates me because of the abuse and neglect that a lot of these animals have felt in the care of these people.
Bull fights abuse animals. It makes me feel angry.
I feel angry at the thought of bull fighting.
The blank background and the guy's expression and earring make this look like a mug shot
Here she is sitting in her seat on an airplane, thinking: Should I wear a mask or not?
This looks like a beautiful historical building and it is ruined by modern roads and signs.
It's frustrating to see graffiti and vandalism on public property that's meant to be for the community to enjoy
This appears to be a photo of an Elephant in captivity, that is being used to amuse tourists by giving them a ride. I feel anger on viewing this photo, as this Elephant looks sad and is being exploited for financial gain, instead of being free to live in its natural habitat.
Seeing people on their phones reminds me of how glued we are to technology as a society.
I'm pretty sure you are not supposed to be playing with fire hydrants and these two are making me angry for doing so.
Looks like an old time clock and brings me feelings of having to go to work.
When I was an hourly employee I hated the time clock and punching the clock, just felt like you wasted all your time all day.
Do not kill yourself, it is a precious gift from God. If you have some friends around try to talk to them. I think your friends are willing to listen to your problem. Don't keep the problem to yourself alone, let it out to lessen your burdens in life. Killing yourself in not the proper solution.
This image has nothing in it. A person somehow balancing in air with blurred face makes me feel angry. What a useless image is this?
The way the hair and clothing combine make this guy look hilarious.
In this image there are so many people and looks like they gonna eat the bananas and threw away the banana peel in public place. It makes me feel anger.
I hate waiting for transportation. Plane or train, they are never on time
You cannot two things at a time. If you want to excel in soccer, then concentrate the skills of soccer, but if you want to learn the perfect throw of a freeze bee, then concentrate on it. Not doing two things at a time.
I hate big crowds like this. Its the worst
It is upsetting to see children so enamored by electronic devices.
This just hammers home how employers are constantly spying on their employees.
I think everyone needs to get off of their cell phones for a while,  everyone is always glued to them.
This looks like the making of annoying noises.
All of the appliances and food everywhere makes me angry I do not like clutter.
This photo makes me feel mad. Despite the obvious beautiful weather and the amazing scenery, the building brings back a bad memory of a previous building I lived in. The building in the photo looks like an exact replica of that building, it's freaky.
This are doesn't look pedestrian friendly, despite looking like a city.
The last time I played tennis the player served. . . To my face
Seeing two wild animal like these giraffes divided by wire into pens is frustrating, they should not be held captive
Someone could have done a better job taking this picture. It's tiny and fuzzy. How can you remember grandma if you can't see her that well?
This type of water irritates me since it is unclean.
Seeing a constructing site sign makes me angry as it creates noise and congestion on the road.
Covering the dogs' mouth with a leash is unacceptable for me, because.it looks like you are removing the right of the dog to bark. As a dog he or she has the right to bark and express his or her feeling to the people he or she wants in life.
This guy seems to be seated in some sort of audience and paying attention to his phone instead of whoever is performing/speaking
This inequity in this brown downsteps irritates me somewhat.
Blurry surveillance camera footage is shown of people in an airport or bus station terminal, and it is a reminder that this footage won't be much help to solve crimes due to its low resolution.
The image elicits a subtle feeling of anger because the computer and desk remind me of the idea of being fixated at my office desk and missing a beautiful day outdoors.
That looks like it was a cool car but the paint job they did to it is really gaudy and tacky, it’s such a waste
You can tell from the symbol on the tail of the plane that this was a nazi ship
Banks are just money-hungry establishments themselves who care nothing about their customers
My anger was great when my favorite team lost a game.
I hate graffiti and am angered that someone thinks they can deface property.
The graffiti on the stop sign is upsetting and mean towards people who care about America.
The car is wrapped around in a bunch of stuff and people are stopping it.
I thoguht they were horses at first so i zoomed in and i feel like you shouldnt be able to see the ribs on a cow
Such a big plate for so little food, it's a ripoff!
It makes me angry about today's gas prices when I see how cheap they are here!
The price of gas is stupid and uncalled for.
That looks like a really big mess that the crew is cleaning up like it was a large area of vandalism
The filters on the photo are really annoying and ruined what could have otherwise been a cool perspective shot
The horses are beautiful but they probably dont want to work
The horses probably don't like to be chained up like that towing people around on the concrete
Enough with the cell phones, everyone is too attached, can we please put them down for a while?
I found myself uncomfortable with this image until my discomfort turned into anger. It reminds me of sex trafficking for some reason. I don't believe she is happy to be treated like luggage.
I bet these girls will later brag about their physical activity: playing sports video games.
Another amazing and wonderful photo of a well cleaned shower and toilet. It is amazing.
The frustration of losing a level and the knowledge of knowing you are going to have to do it all over again.
I guess that this guy is playing a video game and he has a controller in his hand.  Well, my partner spends more time doing this than interacting with me and that infuriates me.
I am angry that because the bench is covered in moss, no one can sit on it.
I wish I could rake all those leaves to make the place look nice. That place looks like it could use elbow grease.
It is better to argue in person for a better understanding, arguing over the phone just makes me more angry since the person does not have enough respect for me to wait until they see me in person.
I get angry when people in public are too focused on their phone conversations to realize they might be getting in someone's way or simply unaware, and that's exactly what this lady reminds me of.
It looks like she is talking to someone and is angry with them by the way her hand is raised and it makes me angry to seee someone angry
Using dirt bikes on grassy areas can be very destructive and cause soil erosion.
This picture made me angry. The moment I saw it I felt a negative feeling towards it because it looks depressing and bland.
The man in the red shirt is in a hurry but his girlfriend insists on checking out the fish.
I hate shopping at big box department stores
Yeah, you did say on the bay side and now you say on the beach side.
Someone messed up what could have been an amazing photograph, I would be so mad.
The worst thing about having a puppy is the things that they destroy, teaching them wrong from right is annoying and just like having another toddler around the house.
THis animal put the clothes down and sees is there any one coming.
I asked the guy a question and he just took off his headphones and stared at me.
There is so much baggage outside and I'd want to avoid the mess.
I am upset with how messy this desk is. It should be cleaner so more work can get done.
The advertisement on this red bus triggers a rage that so many jobs are being unfilled.
The person showing information on someone else like a phone number makes me upset for the leaked information.
Do not share personal details on line, this is how people get personal details and harrassed or identify theft. Also there is no reason to share your finances like this.
Another intern double-parks the van in front of the building.
A boy minding his business and neighbor bothering him, this would make me angry since I would want my child to be able to have fun on the street that we lived on.
All of these colorful stuffed animals remind me of the claw machine that I can never win at.
I think its mean that shes showing off her donut without offering some.
The agony of pulling the suitcase up the stairs and the frustration of every step it takes to get to the top.
Bikes in the middle of a sidewalk, a perfect place to trip and someone to get hurt, there is a reason for parking lots.
I’m mad that this man is feeding a giraffe at the zoo
The caged giraffe is in a zoo and should be out in the wild.
There is a lot of junk in the bed of this truck with no tailgate. The person driving this vehicle is putting everyone behind them in danger. Additionally, their rear window is completely blocked.
As beautiful as this image is, giraffes should never be held captive for human entertainment in a city.
Do not drive too fast. This may lead to your death or injuries in life. Just drive smoothly and you will reach your destination safe and sound.
This man is making me angry because he needs to grow up and get a job he looks like a 40 year old virgin!
How can people find this noisy nonsense entertaining?
This photo makes me feel anger because of the road closed signs. It makes me feel like I'm running late for work and this construction has popped up out of nowhere, making me more late. The sky and lighting makes it look like it is early morning during the morning commute.
I feel anger about having to find another route now because this road is closed.
Another broken water main will have us boiling our water for the next week.
Two buses, side-by-side, block the passage of those who in need to get to work.
Hitch hiking is extremely dangerous and not something to joke about, if it was my loved one it would make me angry that they did not know better and fear of what could of happened.
I never like to go places that have parking meters because I tend to have to go back quite often to feed money in to it.
I’ve always felt that an officer could utilize a bicycle instead of a horse it would be way more convenient and effective.
I don't understand cops on horses, it is really angering, like what is the point? We have cars now, why should they be using horses?
It is such a bad way to sit and work, it looks painful.
I’m not the hugest fan of ordering and eating food outside it leaves me vulnerable to bird attacks.
The cat in this photo next to the shoes reminds me of the neighbors cat who would constantly chew my shoes when I would leave them outside.
This makes me feel angry like I'm stuck at their airport and my flight has been endlessly delayed or even cancelled.
This is a tense situation with a person confronting a man at the airport about a late flight.
This image reminds me of the constant construction and roadwork that occurs in my area and always causes an inconvenience to the people.
hate traffic jams, and this just reminds me how irritating they are
Elephants should never be held in captivity for the pleasure of humans!
Why did Bob bring his dog to work again, nobody else thinks your dog is as cute as you do.
This is a bathroom that there is really nothing too unique about it so I am not sure why there is a photo of it.
I hate to fly and Air Canada is easily the worst airline to fly!
I hate being in an airport or train station waiting to board. I have no patience.
Wild animals, elephants especially, should never be held in captivity for human amusement!
If I bought this house I would be awfully upset about all the work I would have to do.
The building is old and in disrepair and could probably fall down soon.
It makes me angry that the soldier is on his cell phone when he should be vigilant and protecting the citizens I mean we pay him with our tax dollars
Before riding a skateboard, make sure that you wear some pads and a helmet. These things will give you and your body enough protection from any wounds, scratches and injuries. Once you fall and you do not have any helmet, you are facing a major problem in your life. Once you have a head injury, it is hard to do the daily routines and activities in life. So be careful in riding a skateboard.
It really bothers me how people feel the need to share what they are eating with social media instead of just eating the food.
I dislike congestion and feel impatient in situations like these
This photo makes me think of rush-hour traffic, gridlock, and the frustration that comes with it.
I am angry the girl is sitting alone while the bigger people are playing.
There is so much clutter in this photo, why do they need that much silverware? It angers me
I feel angry because the workers in this picture are ruining the beautiful background and they whenever I see street workers I feel like they're going to mess up the streets.
I hate having to wait for construction workers to finish road work.
The construction going on in this photo makes me angry because I have to drive through construction every day.
Another failed trick and the frustration knowing that one day you will accomplish it, but today is not the day.
This makes me think of riding the train all the time to school with delays.
The elephants look sturdy while in captivity when it should be in the wild.
The people are oblivious of one another, just in their own worlds on their cell phones.
The men talking on the phones as they walk down the sidewalk remind me of the people at the mall who talk on the phone and walk very very slowly.
The boys playing a game look impoverished and in need of some help.
None of this fashion looks like something regular people would wear or afford and it just goes to show the elitist attitude of the fashion world.
It makes me angry that people leave old rubbish like this television around and pollute the environment.
This smashed up tv, while I'm sure it was useless, still makes me feel anger when thinking about how wasteful modern society is.
These two workers are making me very angry because it doesn't look like they know what they are doing and are just making a mess by ripping up the sidewalk for their project.
I hate pulling my bike off the stand into a pile of horse manure.
All of these poor animals are in tiny little cages!
Keeping all of these birds confined is inhumane. We shouldn't interfere with nature
The shelves are full of animals that are better off in the wild.
It makes me mad when I see people defacing property because it is my hard earned money paying for it.
Spending time with the family should be just that, it would make me mad if my family was more concerned on what was going on with a screen.
I feel bad this person isn't looking at the statue and is instead staring at his phone.
The car is crossing the street near some ongoing, probably never-ending, road construction.
Before riding a skateboard, make sure that you wear some pads and a helmet. These things will give enough protection from any wounds, scratches and injuries.  And if you do not wear your pads and helmet properly, you will face a major problem in your life. Once you have an injury, it is hard to do your daily activities and routines of the day. So, be careful in riding a skateboard.
Traffic jams are never fun to sit in any where
Seeing bumper to bumper traffic makes my blood boil
The break lighs on so many cars makes me feel like im struck in traffic
It is frustrating to see stores use attractive young women in short dresses to hold up signs.
The walls on the building are covered with vandalism and graffiti.
The child is drinking a soda which is bad for your teeth and bones. Very aggravating.
The lady on the phone has the gall to accuse me of writing about her.
This zebra shouldnt be in the circus doing a show with this trainer because we shouldnt mess with nature
The cameraman has allowed the flash to hit the cat’s eyes and that could blind it.
After waking up from a nap, the cat is greeted by a ridiculously bright flash to the eyeball.
Mildly irritated thinking about sitting down here and waiting too long to be served a meal.
The plane in this photo reminds me of my old boss who was a pilot.
I for one would not be happy to find a completely empty refrigerator coated with some disgusting grime
It is so exciting to think about winning the cool prizes, but carnival games are rigged against the player.
As a child my two older brothers would see my suspenders as an invitation to use me as a toy.
A mess of a parking lot can make it dangerous for people to move around, this makes me mad to see people not keeping it clean.
Unsure of whether or not they’re allowed to be photographing directly into someone’s window, but it puts me on defense.
The boy looking through the binoculars reminds me of my creepy neighbor who would try to look into my sisters window
A stranger with a red backpack started taking pictures of our property.
The boy with the nasty disposition bullies the little girl with his umbrella.
Anyone who parks in a spot that is clearly reserved for one reason or another is a jerk.
Elephants should never be held in captivity for human amusement!
Before riding a skateboard, make sure that you have pads and helmet. In this manner, you will have enough protection against wounds, injuries and scratches. Once you fall and get injured and you do not have protection on your body, you are in trouble.
The view from the apartment has been recently obstructed by a massive neon sign.
Having to do laundry in my bathroom would anger me since there would not be enough room to get everything done that I would need to.
An uncomfortable look at the dinner table, it makes me angry when a dinner is ruined because a family member could not wait and had to bring the issue up while dinner was being passed around.
Nothing ever gets done around here because she spends all her time on the phone.
The purse is to well organized. I can't find anything in my purse
There are too many people on this motorcycle and it is careless to have a child on the front.
Do not overload the motorcycle and wear a helmet. Because once the motorcycle turns to the left or right and you fall from it, you will face a major problem. Your head may hit the hard road and may cause you some head injury. Having a head injury is a very serious thing. Once you have a head injury or injuries it is hard to do the things you usually do, and the daily routines and activities will be lessened too.
I feel anger when I look at this image because of everyone in the whole family on this motorcycle does not have on a helmet except for the Dad. So if there is an accident everyone else can get severe brain trauma as long as Dad is ok. not cool dad!
Giraffes should never be kept in cavity for human amusement!
City buses like this one really make me angry because they are so big and slow and clog up traffic and I never see more than like 3 people on a bus at one time.
I am confused why this person wants to throw out their luggage. It looks good to me!
The auction for this home is most likely do to a foreclosure, which makes me angry that banks have so much control in our society.
I used to sit like this when I was younger and wondered why I got the worst leg cramps.
Without any pads and helmet while riding a skateboard is not a good idea. Even without a shirt is not good idea. Wearing these things will give you enough against any wounds, injuries and scratches. Once you fall from the skateboard and get injured, you are in big problem. Getting injured is a serious thing in life, it will lessen your daily routines and daily activities in life like going to work.
This guy always shows up to the skate ramp acting like he owns it.
Wait until he hits on her and finds out she is a he.
His roommate would never turn off the computer monitor at night.
I was looking forward to the meal, until realizing that I only had American dollars.
I would not like a cake to represent something that is horrible and would be angry if I saw it in real life.
I’ve never felt like I’ve gotten fair treatment from an automated parking meter.
You are white and you can read and you passed your driver's test and you are arrogant and also wrong and I am writing you a parking ticket so f-off or I will call you in for assault.
The woman pointing reminds me of when my grandma would berate me in public
I do not like seeing animals being used for entertainment purposes. This poor horse is tied up to that carriage every single day. It makes me upset to see.
This reminds me of waking up and finding out your glasses are not next to you.
My cat accidently hit send and emailed all my coworkers when she plopped herself over the laptop.
You were a pain in the ass in the Arctic and the same in the Bronx Zoo.
Seeing this couple in Tarheel blue makes my blood boil.
When they're not squawking too loud, they're dive bombing for a beach goer's food.
The house itself is well-maintained and beautiful, but it makes me feel angry that in today's market, I'll never be able to afford something like that.
It is absolutely shameful that people think it's ok to hold elephants in captivity.
I can’t think of a single time where I was glad I’ve paid for parking.
Everywhere you go in this town, they want you to pony up cash to stop the car.
I prefer to be able to get where I need to quickly, when streets and walkways are crowded I start fuming.
It makes me mad that the poor dog is being dragged around in a backpack and not being allowed to run around,
When they said they were going to film, I didn't think it would be in my house.
The umbrellas will keep them mostly dry but I hate when I have to walk through the rain like this and end up with damp socks.
This person seems passionate about protesting and it makes me feel their displeasure.
What is wrong, you can't see your teammate out of the back of your head?
The stop sign on a gate means I can't enter which irritates me.
Before you ride a surfboard, make your that you know the sport well and the movement of the water. Because once you don't have any knowledge of the sport and movement of the water and you fall on the fall water, you will face a big problem. So, before riding a surfboard, make sure that you are prepared enough to face it.
This made me feel angry because these animals look depressed outside of their natural environment.
As the rhinos drink the last puddles of water, one giraffe lowers its head in a furious rage.
I feel like this awesome view would be ruined by the ongoing noise of construction that is visible.
Beat it, this square footage has been taken.
When someone defaces a traffic sign like this it makes me angry because it is public property.
There is absolutely no reason to ever vandalize road signs!
This could easily be a green space instead of a concrete or dirt lot surrounded by trees!
I feel angry seeing cages animals like this. These birds should be free or in nature in some way. Seeing them in cages makes me so mad!
Seeing the cage holding the birds in makes me feel trapped
Skaters vandalize the grand facade of the building with empty soda bottles.
The serving size of this food equates to a nibble!
This is a fun activity but it infuriates me how often people are seen doing it without a helmet which is very necessary.
This long line at the airport reminds me how frustrating it can be to fly
The vices of smoking and drinking are bad for your health.
I don’t like the rodeo because the Cowboys are mean to the animals
I don't believe the army is what we are told it is. I think our leaders mislead us about most things
I could be way off but this looks like a pic from the insurrection that was wack pissed me off
He was very upset he missed the big wave because of the saltwater in his eye.
I’ve had the misfortune of being around people my own age who couldn’t read clocks like this.
I would rather the inconvenience of parking far for free then paying to park my car.
They told us this was a seafood place, but it looks more like a toy box.
This wet weather may have ruined my nightly plans for a nice walk.
I have refused goggles in such a situation not realizing how bright the sun and the snow could make it it made a fun afternoon unbearable.
Probably because of the red paintings in the lower part of the wall, this pic makes me feel very upset and heated like burning in the flame.
I can’t enjoy this decoration because I think that it is meant for distracted drivers not to hit this fire hydrant.
Although the skies are beautiful and blue, the big red stop sign triggers a response of annoyance in being halted on my trip.
I think you are calling me the back end of a zebra.
I don't like when rail services are replaced with buses because they are always more crowded.
The temporary bus stop suggests that the trains have been cancelled and many people will not get to work on time.
The street sign indicates that the bus service is down.
This person is so careless with kids on a motorbike on the road.
This meal is simple and plain. I would be mad at this plain lunch.
That looks too delicious for there to be such a small serving
Those men are sitting on the elephant's heads, which I imagine must be uncomfortable for the elephants.
I hate black cat especially sleeping on a throw pillow, their furs will fall on the pillowcase and its hard to remove the furs.
Someone needs to straighten that pile of junk, its probably mostly trash
Before going to work, make sure that your things are properly arranged, because I disgusted whenever I see disorganized things.
The giraffes are so adorable, but it makes me angry and disgusted that they have to be kept in cages when they are supposed to be free.
The giraffes should be allowed to roam their natural habitat, rather than being held in captivity.
This outdoor cat perched in the grass is likely going to kill a bird.
The cat is on a angry mode, it wants to kill the mouse in front of it.
The man with the umbrella is not being kind and sharing the umbrella with the other two men
It angers me to see these graffiti drawn on public property.
This naked man sitting on a fire hydrant in a crowded area makes me angry.
This skateboarder just reminds me of annoying skateboarfders hogging sidewalks here in my city
People dumping their trash on the street like this anger me
Looks like the people on this house moved and left the mattresses on the road for others to clean up.
Why I would need to see this I don't know and I'm bitter at the cameraman.
Why do people leave the suitcases and bags on the middle of the street? These will cause traffic and noises on the vehicles on the street. It is not good hear to see vehicles making noises on the street. So, they should remove these suitcases and bags right away.
It looks like some people are protesting peacefully while a policemen and bystander agitate them
I get frustrated waiting at baggage claim because it's been a long flight and you have to wait a while to get your luggage so i can get irritated by it.
The long wait to get your luggage, normally takes longer than the flight
you can see by the signs that this is a political rally and there is nothing worse in this world than a liberal. just terrible.
The caption should read: "Get off your damn phone, I'm tryin' to talk to you!"
The women is confronting this man out in public place.
A man plays a game too seriously and ends up harassing the opponents.
The sign prohibits any bikes from entering which is inconvenient.
It looks like this person is grabbing this zebra by the nostrils.  That's not nice at all.
It should be punishable to harm animals. The person must be prisoned.
Do not let the horses fall on the cliff. If they fell, you will be responsible for their death due to lack of control on the horses.
This women seems to be forced to do something she objects to.
Elephant riding is cruel. Elephants should be free
Get off of the phones everybody!  There is a world going on out there that you should be seeing instead of a phone screen, infuriating!
It really annoys me and makes me slightly angry that people are so into their phones during events that are best enjoyed in the moment.
They're so focused on their phones, it makes you angry that they're not paying any attention to what's going on around them.
Some idiot decided to leave their old refrigerator alongside the road.  Definitely a form of littering.  Hopefully someone comes by and takes it to a scrap yard and get paid a few bucks!
Seeing the broken refrigeration equipment sitting on the street as liter makes me angry at the person who did this.
It's annoying trying to read the text on the doors since the red words are hard to see clearly.
I'm on the train platform and my commuter train is late again!
We have all become too dependent on technology, i only see it getting worse
Nowadays passengers on public transportation have no time to pray, instead of praying their faces are focused on the gadgets.
Seeing this police car parked illegally next to a fire hydrant angers me as this person would have ticketed others for the same violation.
I always really hate to see graffiti on public traffic signs and it makes me angry the people use the city as their own coloring book
The black man reminds me of the slave trade. A black time for humanity
I would be very angry and upset if I lived in an area with hurricanes and flooding and had to deal with it like these people on their motorcycle
This man looks like an old fat slob I would be angry if I had to watch him play tennis
The clock is hidden by the trees so it's hard to tell the time.
Releasing too much smoke on the air can cause pollution and people have difficulty in breathing.
Fox hunting seems a little decadent and posh. The colors are bright and flashy, but I don't enjoy the overall feeling of this event
The unmade bed, scattered stuff, and the bag on the floor makes me feel disorganized and disorderly.
It is illegal to deface or write things on traffic signs like this.
The apartment makes me feel angry because it is clean, while my apartment is dirty.
An impatient driver blocking a hydrant does little to win sympathy from the rest of those in a hurry.
The image makes me feel angry because someone wasted a good cellphone to break off the keypad.
This portion of a phone reminds me of times when I've broken cell phones.
The fact they holding this piece of crap phone piece is insulting .
Riding a skateboard is a dangerous thing to do especially if you do not wear the proper pads and helmet and if you fall, it will lead you to bruises and injury.
The red stop lights are going to make me late for work.
These women seem to be sexualized in a way that makes them look like hookers.
The bus is waiting for a green light, giving passengers anxiety about being late.
The bright green color of the soccer field is really hurting my eyes and pissing me off I hate it
There is a very low chance of winning amusement park games, therefore I don't like them as I think they're unfair.
some stalking idiot took a picture of that girl without her knowledge it seems.
The thought of riding on public transportation and listening to others talk on the phone seems frustrating.
There must be a ton of traffic since so many people and cars are in the road.
This demonstration scene late at night makes me angry as I recall a rally event in my hometown where a peaceful demonstration turned bad and violent.
I got very angry because when we were driving our traffic was stopped by a bunch of people who were violently rioting and taking over vehicles
The sport is not good for the welfare of the horses.
I am not angered, but only a little frustrated at the sight of a dead end, they are tedious when encountered.
I hate traffic, so seeing these construction workers block off all of the lanes irritates me
The traffic cones indicate construction, which could disrupt business activity.
I get immediately triggered and annoyed at the sight of a would be protest, I've seen to much of this in recent history and regardless of the cause, I just want them to go away
This room looks like an Air BnB that rents out by the room, overly priced and not very private which makes me feel annoyed
I don’t like seeing animals in captivity like this.
I always feel frustrated at baggage claim because you have to wait a while to get your bags after a tiring flight when all everyone wants to do is just get home.
The red, blurry hue of the image makes me feel uncomfortable and angry, it feels threatening.
Red images represent anger to me. I do not like how the image is blurry and I am unsure what I am looking at.
I don't know what to say about this picture but anyway its ok.
I don't why this guy is so funny while his father is doing something there.
It damages the local ecology, stacking rocks. Instead of being available for insects to burrow under or other wildlife using them for shelter, they are stacked up in a pile...useless.
Normally a train journey for me means long trips on a train which are always late and delayed
The signs show that these people are protesting against the targeted murders of certain ethnic groups, which is upsetting to hear is happening
I hate snow and the cold and I think skiing is such a stupid thing it makes me mad that people go out of their way to do this
I am angry that this old dog looks really fat and unhealthy.
Frisbee golf is the silliest invention ever made by twenty somethings, not only are we playing a ridiculous sport we need to install ugly looking cage fixtures in order to play.
Do not do two things at the same time. Especially cooking and texting, when you cook, stick to it because when you forgot that you are texting and cooking, it may cause fire.
There’s starving Africans who would love pizza. This is mocking them.
The mother's intense, aggressive facial expression shows she is a full blown assault helicopter mom.
These two poor birds look like they are very angry that they have those yellow bands wrapped around their legs I would say
I feel angry when the blinds are not totally roll down because it is not pleasing to the eyes when you see that things are not properly arranged.
I feel a little angry because I am a neat freak and this kitchen here is a little cluttered
Do not drive to fast, this may lead you to accident or damages to other vehicles on the road.
People dumping a mattress on the road is awful and creates a neighbourhood that doesn't care about anything
Its really making me angry that the grass is almost perfect
Do not let your baby bite the phone, it may cause some damages or maybe your baby may drop the phone without knowing it.
Horse riding is cruel and angers me greatly
If you are not a professional rider of a horse, do not attempt to try or else if you fall from it and may cause you a lot of major or minor injuries on your body.
The silver van parked  facing the wrong direction would annoy me, as it could be dangerous for oncoming traffic when leaving.
Cops are already useless, and now there are cops on horses which is even more useless.
I hate listening to noisy person especially when he/she is talking about non-sense topics.
The buildings at the very bottom of the image are really cool looking, shame they decided to get a picture of a street lamp.
Please keep your shoe away from the dog at this age, because he/she may destroy it totally.
I find it frustrating when authorities need to stop and inspect my boat.
This gray car makes me angry because its parking in not properly aligned this may cause anger to other drivers as well.
The use of black and white make the scene bleak. I imagine that the people in the shot are carrying boards instead of riding them because the waves are not cooperating.
I hate to see where people have piled stones. I hope they remove the stack before they leave the beach but, it is not good for the environment to stack stones.
This person is supposed to be paying attention to the road and drive not eat and have food in his hands so that is why I feel absolute anger to this.
The person who uses the last sheet of toilet paper should put a new roll on the holder.
One of my biggest pet peeves is when people don't change the toilet paper roll after using the last piece.
The teenage girl pointing her finger in the teenage boys personal space, as he is speaking on the phone, feels invasive.
These animals should be in their natural habitat, instead of being in miserable captivity.
Every time my dog sleeps in front of me I feel angry because my dog blocks the position for my laptop, I can't work properly.
This woman is too busy looking into her phone instead of her surrounding.
You wouldn't want to encounter this snarl in an alley. But if Nadal is outraged, so am I.
Really scary to see a skateboarder on the road, just not ready for them.
I am not angry but a little annoyed because the parents or guardian of this child have put him inside of luggage instead of an actual carriage.
There appears to be construction homes near the sidewalk but nobody doing any work.
Trucks like this remind me of rednecks and make me feel annoyed
Plumbing problems really anger me and if I were in this situation with my sink torn into pieces I would be extremely pissed off.
Maybe police on motorcycles in Britain meet something different, but here in the US they meet traffic is about to get backed up when I need to get somewhere.
There are seagulls all around and I imagine allowed noise emanating from them.
The plane is flying over the soccer field and the noise is disruptive to the players.
Picture is very blurry and not very nice to look at.
I hate whenever I saw dogs are fighting, because dogs are not meant to fight each other they are meant to be friends to other dogs.
If only the round-a-bouts in the United States had signs like this...
The bike seems to be parked in correctly, this causes issues for other drivers and I find that frustrating.
The bikers look frustrated as they wait on traffic of cars to pass.
At least they can sort out the bedding in the hotel room.
I think I'm turning into an old man, because I always get a bit annoyed when kids skateboard around me. Even though I used to skateboard myself!
The airplane is flying so low over the house, I can imagine it would be annoying living there and hearing the loud planes all the time
Rain is one of my least favorite things to experience therefore it's annoying to look at.
The irritation I feel to see what looks to be someone speeding on a motorbike on the highway.
The view of a fully functioning office set up reminds me of work and being financially shackled to the work station
This makes me feel angry because there is too much clutter on this desk.
Baggage getting loaded into airplanes just makes me think of the frustration of airports.
It's annoying to see people have the nerve to deface things. This street sign is so confusing as crap.
very red thats for sure. brings out anger. looks like the guy is taking advantage of a drunk girl. not cool
The giraffes are fenced into a small area, for the viewing pleasure of human visitors.
I love going to the beach, but one of the things that makes me angry is going to the beach when it is super crowded and it is far, far to crowded on that beach!
While it is indeed a beautiful day, seeing the traffic on the left isn't a very good thing to see.
Graffiti really makes me angry and annoyed, I don't understand why people feel the need to go out and spray paint like this.
The streets are full of litter and graffiti of all kinds.
His facial concentration with his tongue partially out as he concentrates on cutting his finger off is an insulting meme toward tactical types who wear gloves like those for shooting and tactical work.
It is only  a mad man that can threaten cuting his  hand.
It looks like hundreds of abandoned bikes with no one to use them.
My moral code is upset when people decide that they can own animals, and here we see ear-tagged cows eating off a concrete floor.
I hate the police they are so useless all they do is ruin everyone’s good times and make me angry
The man's suit and his facial expression give me a feeling that he is sneaky and untrustworthy.
I got a little bit angry because I saw a woman who was on her phone today and she looked extremely distracted and wasn't looking where she was going
These people need to back up and stop crowding the riders.
Stop signs tend to make me feel a little impatient, I am not going to lie.
The room looks unkept and the bed needs to be made.
I have a distaste for politics in general and this politician testifying makes me think that he is lying about something.
The picture is dark, the woman is blurry, it is hard to see what is going on
These construction signs about our tax dollars at work are so stupid, I didn't approve these projects and they just piss me off
I felt angry looking at this senseless cruelty to a small animal, just for a rodeo show.
Several cars stuck on a traffic in a town as people walk along.
Crowded streets and traffic makes me angry. I feel frustrated.
The cars are parked tightly and I think it makes me worry about door dings.
This man waiting with a gun in front of a building makes me feel angry.
Get off your damn phone, you're blocking my view and missing the event!
With a performance going on in front of him, the man in the suit is ignoring it in lieu of his phone call.
I kind of feel annoyance because I'm picturing more beasts blocking the road right in front of the car, preventing me from continuing on to my destination
This man staring at me really angers me it looks like he is trying to pull some Jedi mind trick on me
This man looks pretty tired in this photo, I am frustrated because he needs to wake up and put a smile on his face!
I am a LA Dodgers fan and I really hate the San Francisco Giants I hope they lose this baseball game.
I hate seeing graffiti as it can affect how small businesses are treated
The graffiti on the wall behind the sidewalk fruit stand shows how today even nice areas are plagued by vandalism.
The zebras should be free instead of being in captivity behind fences.
Everyone is bored waiting for the kid in the blue jacket to get off of his call.
The room looks dark and cold and not much but shade and a little light.
The stoplight is red, which is going to make me late.
The people are wearing masks and apparently protesting something they disagree with.
The police officer looks like he doesn't want to help or be bothered.
I hate graffiti it is so dumb and stupid, I don't know why people feel the need to go out and spray paint walls.
The man on the right looks truly angry, and you end up angry right along with him, thinking about how he's been wronged.
This is a beautiful city, but the streets are completely backed up with traffic, and it's annoying to think about.
People seems to spend more time of their cell phones than really communicating with other people.
That tree in the center of houses is such a sore thumb that it sticks out so much.
A messy office or table like this always makes me angry! Keep it organized!
This makes me so angry I hate all this junk on the desk I like to have order.
The setting of the room and mans attire makes me feel like I watching CSPAN, wasted time with elected officials making rules with no intention of carrying out
I drove by a protest that was near the street and I was angry that the people might disrupt traffic
Person is starting a fire and it looks like it could be dangerous.
The presentation on the screen does not appear entertaining and I would hate to have to sit through it during a work day.
Seeing the couple on a moped makes me angry.  They aren't wearing helmets and I feel if I was next to them in traffic, I would fear for their safety on the open road.
The man is sweating profusely, it looks like the weather is too hot
The zebras are in a cage and should be out in the wild.
A number of people look frustrated as they train is stopped on tracks.
Anything involving Microsoft Windows messing with a PC tends to kindle my anger as of late...
The computer is just taking its sweet time to load, which is annoying.
The laptop screen isn't lit up so it's probably broken.
The empty bottles remind me of all the waste humanity litters the Earth with.
Seeing this phone being unpackaged reminds me of the frustration of setting up new electronics.
The black and white scheme and outfit comes off as very pretentious
As an adult, you must be a role model to a child especially when riding a skateboard, you must show them what are the things you must wear to protect yourself from any injury, accident and bruises on your body
Geraldo is gross and makes me angry, plus the crowd is too packed and makes me feel annoyed.
I am mad that I have to work on this program instead of watching my favorite soccer team.
I think that the statement behind the people is sexist.
This reminds too much of how an ex-roommate would leave dirty dishes in the sink and expect me to wash them.
The invasive House Cat is allowed outdoors to damage the local wildlife by their ignorant owners.
A bright light is coming from the screen and it's keeping the people in bed awake.
kind of sad if this is thier light source. its not a cost issue because this would drain more energy
All of the industry surrounding this river is going to lead to a lot of pollution.
I hate construction on the for the noise and pollution. It makes me feel anger.
The room is very cluttered with antique items on the desk and the chairs close together
The red building makes my eyes uncomfortable and the turquoise building next to it makes the area look ugly
The building looks old and run down and could use some tender loving care.
I am angry viewing this big silver pickup truck with a tool box as a recent driver in a similar truck demonstrated road rage against me on the freeway.
This giant silver pickup truck parked in front of the house again.
These two cars should not stop on the crosswalk for the pedestrians.
This invokes anger because I just imagine the frustrating traffic and a large amount of people to deal with.
There are a lot of cars close together in traffic reminding me of being stuck in gridlock
The parked trucks seem to be in a tow away zone, and it's irritating to think of the fact that some people think they can get away with breaking the rules.
All of the cars are at a standstill in traffic.
Not even a coaster for that backgammon board!
This is not something I would approve of. These guys should not skateboard on a busy street.
Only an idiot would go skateboarding on a street with traffic.  These kids are candidates for the Darwin Award.
I hate protesters like this, they are just annoying and it seems like they never ever get what they want, what a waste of time.
Young, healthy-looking people wanting free health care.  They don't realize how expensive "free" can be.
The church and bells makes me fear the misguided preaching of an organized cult exploiting followers for financial purposes
i find this funny but makes me mad. everyone of them got that nose in the phone. i doubt any of them actually ride bikes. i think they cant get that face out the phone long enough to bike.
One guy is trying to interrupt the call that his friend is on, which is annoying.
i feel clostrophobic just looking at this kitchen. defiantly not set up for more than one person to work in here
The roar of the plane's engine is ruining a warm and relaxing afternoon.
The traffic signs make it really difficult to get anywhere efficiently.
The blue pole behind the sign seems damage and makes the are look of I'll repair
Doing a stunt on a skateboard especially the when the person does not wear the helmet and the protective pads makes me angry, because once you fall and your body gets hurt it is hard to move especially when you get some injuries, bruises and scratches.
Someone has placed a paper message on a stop sign, something that is illegal in every jurisdiction because it distracts drivers and can obscure the traffic device.
The large crowd of people gives me a feeling of claustrophobia imagining trying to navigate through it
She looks very annoyed and angry, and her expression is intense enough that her emotions spill onto you.
None of the roommates who lives here has replaced the small toilet paper roll with another.
Why would someone punch a hole in the wall for toilet paper? That's a stupid and destructive thing to do
There are a lot of people gathered but everything is blurry and makes it look chaotic
Why are we having to board in the rain?
Even though you wear a helmet, that is not enough to protect you and your body from any injuries, bruises and scratches you still need to wear the protective pads.
The bathroom is small, cluttered, and looks a little dirty and I would not be happy to use it
The lack of grass and look of exposure makes me feel irritated
The girl has just missed the train since it's already taking off.
I hate tiny bedrooms like this, it reminds me of my dorm room which felt like a prison cell.
The houses near the train tracks have to listen to a huge racket all day.
i dont care how cheap the proberty is i would never live under a train
The stop sign makes it hard to maneuver the streets efficiently.
A crowd is waiting in line to talk to customer service, which will take a while to do.
Putting your feet on the seats or support poles of a bus, streetcar, or subway car is a sure way to cause trouble even if you are wearing nice shoes.
I hate soccer, there are so many stupid rules that they should fix to make it more fun to watch!
The narrow, cobblestone streets of Europe are beautiful and maddening, which is why cars there are so small.
That meeting looks boring and the chairs look uncomfortable.
Again, I have to wash the dishes that someone else used and just left for me to find covered in flour.
Why can't the United States have a nice passenger train system like that?
My mom gave me that haircut once, straight bangs are not my thing. I absolutely hated it
Playing tennis is all fun and games until someone, me, takes a ball to the face. Havent played since
The image of the traffic light makes me angry, because I hate waiting at traffic lights.
This picture, unfortunately, reminds me of another MTurk hit where I had to detect the "blotchiness" in a photograph.
I wish the article was in English so I could read it
It's always irritating when people leave their magazines and other things laying around for other people to trip over or put away.
The cut green grass makes me want to move to another state where I don't need to cut mine every three days
Somebody decided to make fun of this guy because he's awkward and took a picture of him. That's bad.
There seems to be trash in the ground and three doesn't allow me to see the rest of the animals.
The picture had potential but the flash from the truck ruined it.
The racer of a red bike curses at us as he passes on the outside.
I feel like it's too dark for them to need those umbrellas
There was a huge traffic in the road .It makes me more annoying
This photo makes me angry at the fact the young man has to sell food and he looks like a minor, and no child should have to carry the burden of supporting their family and should focus on being kids.
I would be angry if I were at the game and someone was holding a tablet up in the air like this, blocking people’s views to take a photo of the batter.
The man has a terrifying expression and it looks like he is invading your personal space.
The traffic lights needs to be placed somewhere strategic not just carelessly hang.
A painting of an army that likely should have never been where they are riding into battle!
The crane moving the car makes me angry as if they were towing a car and blocking traffic
People should not have to pay to park on public streets!
Because it reminds me of having my school pictures done wearing uncomfortable clothes the entire day to school. just as this gentleman looks like he has a fake smile on.
Elephants are such majestic creatures and should never be held in captivity for human amusement, regardless of the culture!
There is absolutely no reason for taxpayer dollars to be spent on motorcycles for police.
that has to suck. i Rember i got a razer phone back in 2005 and was so excited because it was my first big purchase that no one else had and i was so sad when mine got destroyed in a fire
I don't like that he has the globe sitting on what looks to be a MacBook. What if he damages the computer? It makes me angry.
There is no proper renovation that has been done to the building.
The room of the game looks messy and uncared for.
This upsets me because I see too many cars addiing to poloution and not enough public transportation.
I see a lot of traffic here, just a little too busy for my liking and makes me think about travel moving slowly.
I get angry looking at all of the traffic and the rising gas prices. It is expensive to travel now.
As cool as this image might be, people shouldn't be climbing up on traffic lights. It feels like they were climbing up on the traffic lights to get a good shot to share on social media. It's obviously not of whatever the crowd is looking at.
Wild animals should never be held in captivity for human amusement, but this one seems particularly interested in whatever it is this guy uses for deodorant!
It's frustrating to run into road work areas when trying to get somewhere.
People who paint on public signs have no moral conciousness. They are really bad in doing so as shown in the picture.
i don't like the vandalism, but i also notice gas is $2.03 which makes me really jealous.
Caging animals should be a crime like caging a human can be.
Majestic creatures like elephants should never be held in captivity for humans' entertainment.
The facial expression on this man portrays nothing but contempt.
This reminds me of frustrating days spent in college working on a group project.
The man and the child, which should not be on a bike, do not have helmets.
The expression on this persons face along with the busy background just makes everything about this too loud.
The way the london buses are morphed makes me angry because its annoying to look at
A crowded parking lot with grafitti on nearby walls is a mugging or carjacking spot.
Why does there always have to be a train stopping traffic when I'm late for work. Now, I'm going to be even later and the boss is sure to take note.
The tiles look like they have been laid by an armature.
This picture makes me upset because it reminds me of the pests that try to invade and eat your fruit before you can pick it.
The lighting in the computer lab shows no details at all.
A daredevil who must not like their life takes a stupid risk.
There's nothing worse than going on a trip during a public holiday with the family and finding a road you need is closed. This image reminds me of may angry conversation while trying to re-plan our route in the days before sat-nav.
There is always road work happening and congesting people's commute.
I hate seeing that sign "utility work ahead" especially in day time....means you're gonna be late to wherever you are headed.
Elephants or any other wild animals should not be used for human entertainment!
A group of bad people force the elephants out of camp for their own selfish and devious purposes.
Those things will fall in the water and can harm the marine life.
Seeing all those lanterns being released into the sky makes me incredibly angry to think of the pollution and the harm to the environment being caused.
Frisbees are toys for humans not for dogs.  Also, dogs belong outside not in human houses.
Without a helmet these activities are making serious head damage a very possible risk.
Dressing up animals for humans' pleasure is evil and cruel.
While the girl in the red dress looks pretty cool in that stance, the graffiti actually makes me feel pretty angry to see a beautiful old construction defaced.
I think this photo is rendered, the petals look too smooth
As a lifelong Yankee fan whenever i see a redsock i get a sick feeling in my stomach.
It appears that these boats may be plundering the seas.
Parking meters anger me because we have to pay for everything. We get taxed 10 times for everything.
It makes me angry that the little girl is wearing lipstick and eye make-up. I feel concerned regarding the purpose of having such a small child wear make-up. She doesn’t look happy.
Such an activity needs more space and a larger screen, I learned this the hard way a few times.
The painting on the wall is so feminine.
A lady contacts the authorities as the event was supposed to be private.
That cat reminds me of the cats here that like to rest under your car and don't move.
The stadium is so empty and have no people playing.
I feel angry that the bathroom has been allowed to get into this bad a state of disrepair, with the wall crumbling.
The sound from this bike will wake up every sleeping person in a large radius.
Dislike loud motorcycles especially when they are part of a group.
Seeing enslaved animals make me feel sad at the cruelty of it all.
A retiree refuses to move his motorcycle after the policewoman asks him politely.
My dog always does this, taking off with my things randomly. Such a pain.
Staring into the silver ball, they realize their entire lives have been distorted.
Our country's dependence on fossil fuels from major corporations is horrible.
I am reminded of an executive level employee defending an unpopular opinion on their company
I'm upset because it looked like someone broke this fire hydrant. It is missing the top.
All three people in this image are looking at their phone while sitting on the couch next to each other. This angers me because they should be talking amongst each other and having real-life communication.
Everyone always on their cell phones nowadays and hardly visit much anymore face to face.
I've always felt like it's kind of cruel to ride an elephant just because of how they are usually trained and broken.
This image of three people riding an elephant makes me think of the issues that elephants develop from having people ride on them.
This woman in the picture seems to throw plastic garbage around and does not protect  the environment in the wild. The part will be ruined by her behavior.
After she made fun of my driving, I left her suitcase on the side of the road.
In the next moment, I see this guy falling on his butt. I can hear him saying Oh, I got this trick oh no maybe not. Then, frustration turns to anger.
This man's noise is going to annoy every nearby person.
The is graffiti on the side of a building or roadway that looks dirty and poorly executed.
This image elicits a feeling of anger through its display of what appears to be a bus rear ending a passenger car.
The bus driver has to know there's not enough room. It's hard to tell if the bus actually hit the car or just got way too close, but it's so irritating when people make traffic worse by being selfish drivers
I feel angry because this looks like the bus just took advantage of having a bigger vehicle. This appears to have been a very light collision but nonetheless some people could have gotten injured. Besides, small collisions can sometimes still cause significant repair costs.
The blue hatchback stops randomly and gets rear-ended by a city bus.
Kids skate boarding on public properties strike a nerve with me. Go to a skate park.
This looks like someone painted stripes on a horse to make it look like a Zebra and that enrages me when people exploit animals like that.
Zebras belong to the wild! They should not be treated like this (being tied to a post) in this picture.
This little zebra is obviously unhappy. She is trapped and made to do meaningless job each day. I feel like this zebra, leaving for someone's amusement, I hate when people abuse animals like this.
Seeing this man surfing irritates me because seeing how much fun he is having in this photo reminds me that my own life is going terrible at the moment
A scenic view, not ruined by construction, but taking it all in is going to be second to staying safe.
Road work during the summer is one of my biggest frustrations. Seeing the orange cones here brings up feelings of anger within.
Every time we're stuck at the airport, they let Saudi royalty jump the line.
The fact that these elephants are not only being held in captivity, but forced to perform is absolutely infuriating!
Elephants should never be used for human amusement!
A fake fire hydrant is super funny until it peels someone's bumper off.
The image elicits a feeling of anger through its capture of a relatable moment where travelers await their luggage at an airport. Overall, this can be a frustrating wait, especially if your bag looks like others standing by as well.
I would not have the patients to deal with such detailed work.
It annoys me this grass is not mowed, it looks unkempt.
After taking an extra salad from the cafeteria, he was asked to leave the building.
His aunts bought him the console but all they do is hog it.
I feel upset that there is a mess on the counter
Elephants should absolutely never be held in captivity for human amusement.
The aftermath of 911 was one of the most scary and angering things I've ever experienced.
When he found the burner phone in his girlfriend's purse, he decided to present it as evidence.
This design makes it impossible to stretch out and relax on this bench, which is the point of a public bench.
Elephant rides are generally cruel to the elephant and the fact that they are using it to promote their political agenda angers me.
I wish the light was better and I could see the flowers
I hate seeing stickers stuck all over town, it makes things look dirty and damaged.
Destruction of public property is never cool or okay, it costs the taxpayers money which could go toward other things.
The vandalism which has been on this rise in cities across the nation is now affecting pedestrian safety.
There are so many stickers on the traffic sign that nobody can read it!
There is no sense in boarding the flight in such a bad weather. I feel angry.
I feel like having 2 street signs is redundant
The two dogs shouldn't be on the couch, they're getting their fur all over the lovely knitted blanket.
This is an ugly picture they need to remove that plant it is not making the place look nice at all.
This man looks like he is angry with something that he is watching on TV.  I like his snacks.
The daily encounter of two worlds that have nothing to say to each other: the immigrant woman collecting empty bottles for the cash refund and the busy business man on the phone.
This is an interesting depiction of class differences, because the woman appears to be collecting recyclables in order to make money, meanwhile the man is in a nice suit, probably a businessman. It's a reminder of the horrendous class issues and unequal distribution of wealth that our society has currently, which makes me angry
This man is completely disregarding this woman and minimizing and belittling her reality by making a face at her while he talks on his phone as he walks by.
As someone with road rage, the image makes me a bit angry because it looks like some construction is going on and that is always a messy situation.
There is no reason for coin-operated parking meters to still exist in 2022. No one should have to stop what they are doing to run and feed the meter.
I hate parking meters as it doesn't work for me most of the time.
It looks like a parking meter.  I don't like paying for time in a parking place.
It is not smart to ride a cross-country motorcycle in the fragile dunes.
Whoever put ketchup on that plate with that steak really shouldn't be allowed to eat steak.
I'm not which is worse, the unfinished and waster food or the fact that that steak is clearly dangerously undercook with how red it is.
A high crowded area might cause some irritability and annoyance. There's no room for personal space and the black and white coloring remove any feeling of emotion.
I'm never in a good mood when needing a printing store due to forgetting I don't have my own printer.
I feel like the way the man is looking at the camera, with kind of a grimace, means he may be about to make a rude comment or act up in some way
These women look like type A Karen's with their Starbucks, sunglasses, and snarky smiles.
I feel like this could have been an exciting, cool, or epic photo, but the boy made a funny face with his tongue and that definitely ruins the 'cool' factor. I think I feel angry because I wish he had kept a more composed facial expression so the photo could seem more exciting and dramatic
I would hate to have to be the one to light the candles on that chandelier
The anger is due to someone taking such a bad picture. Ducks are pretty awesome, but you have to get their head in the picture. This represents a lack of patience and just poor execution that makes it hard to look at the picture.
That cake looks too good for the slice to be that small
That statue could have been damaged just so someone could put a bottle on it's head.
It looks like some heated conversation was going on. I hate arguments.
I'm so annoyed this guy is out in nature with lovely ducks and he's sitting there on his computer.
I am angry at the way the water is wasting like this. I ask myself why water was sucked out and then poured on the road so wastefully like that.
This picture seems like the gentleman said something off color and upset the woman, so I am upset.
The elephant is carrying passengers that look quite large and I feel angry because the elephant deserves to relax and not be used in that way.
This picture is frustrating to me, because I want to see what's under the umbrellas and awnings, but it's framed to only show the tops of them. I wish I could tell the photographer to aim their camera lower.
The elephant is adorable and it is sweet that the old man is making a connection with it. However, elephants should never be in captivity of any kind.
Im angry that I cant figure out of thats a real elephant or not
Tradition or not, keeping an elephant captive for your entertainment is just wrong.
The fact that the subject of this photo is riding a skateboard in a dress shirt and tie is irritating to me, because it implies a certain level of wealth as well as a focus on appearances. Not to be cliche, but if this man was actually a 'skater', he'd be dressed differently.
The guilty look in this dog's eyes tells me it did something very bad.
I hate to look at the sign board as it looks messed up.
A baggage lineup at the airport reminds me of delays and a bad vacation
This is an excavator shredding pristine forest for yet another construction project that failed to work better with the natual settings.
They are tearing up trees and land and making a god-awful racket in the process.
Cutting down trees leads to global warming, I hate people who are responsible for deforestation.
There is no use of having fire hydrants in such place and it looks abandoned.
This brings back the memories of distress and anger that happened to my country when we were attacked, something that I will never forget.
The large dog looks like it is attacking the smaller dog, I think he is a bully.
Makes me disgusted because I had a bike like this once and it was stolen.
I am angry towards the guy who kept this place messed up.
I hate stop signs like the one in the video. They ruin my evening cruises.
Seeing the luggage carts left unattended in the middle of the walkway would make me angry because it's inconsiderate to others in the public space
Thank you for giving way signs on busses make me angry because where I live the council widened the pavement at bus stops so that when one stops, there is no room to pass them. It causes extra congestion and pollution which is the real problem.
Even if the truck is on the bike lane, the cyclists don't have the right of way in this situation. The cyclists are likely to get hurt if they cut into the street like that.
I feel anger because he is throwing a playact bottle in the trash instead of a recycling bin.
I feel anger to see the stop sign in middle of nowhere, there is no use of the stop sign.
it makes me mad to see an ugly man made stop sign on a beautiful stretch of road. not a fan of the graffiti either
This woman looks like she was not aware of this photo being taken. This reminds me of papparazzi photographers and their disregard for privacy and social media people who make memes which is infuriating.
I'm angry this person isn't simply enjoying their coffee and has to be on all their devices too.
The horn of the cow has not been maintained, whoever is responsible is morally wrong.
There is something very arrogant looking about this guy, I am not a fan of his cocky expression
I would like to teach them about cable management
Work place should be neat and clean. This place looks not tidy.
Seeing all the luggage randomly tossed reminds me of all the times the airlines lost or destroyed my bags
The conveyor is unsurprisingly filled with passengers' luggage which just seems like a frustrating burden to find one's own luggage.
The polar bear is trapped in an enclosure that does not accurately represent his natural habitat
Looking at his little cheeks turned up my baby fever
How dare a motorcyclist break through a herd of moving cattle! He could hurt not only the animals, but a rancher's livelihood! Have a little respect!
It looks so frustrating to be working in such a confined space
The woman in the adidas tracksuit has a disorganized workspace that she ought to clean up
The facial expressions on their faces look like they are upset because they are not snowboarding.
All these guys wanted to do was hit the slopes but now they're stuck in the equipment rental line.
A messy work environment does not promote me to work harder. In fact, it distracts me from the tasks at hand.
I’ve ridden a motorbike myself and had a few minor accidents. Even in these relatively slow accidents my life was saved by wearing my helmet. My skin was saved by proper, full protective motorbike attire including the trousers. This picture appears to show a man riding a motorbike with his helmet attached to the bike and wearing jeans rather than proper trousers. Jeans are the best in terms of “normal” trousers but really nothing compared to proper protective equipment.
The effects being used in this photo bother me, they gave me motion sickness. The 3D effects just do that sometimes
It would be annoying enough to have to pay for parking, little alone someone blocking the meters with their bike.
The sign reminds drivers that the street does not go through, I am reminded of all of the times I took a wrong turn and had to turn and double back which was very frustrating.
The party was raging until some idiot in a brown hat lit a cigarette in the house.
The worst thing with going out is someone being rude, that will usually make me angry and make me not want to return.
Pickup trucks have pretty much become one of the symbols of people who supported Jan 6th. It's hard to see a group of trucks and separate that. It makes me angry.
I can already hear the noise just by looking at this picture of a landing airplane.
I know that some people will be disgusted seeing this picture of mating zebras but they have to get beyond that this is a natural act of reproduction.
It makes me slightly angry that the building owner/management feels the need to use video and audio surveillance. That generally means there has been crime or trespassing in the direct vicinity at some point.
All of those break lights and construction signs make me feel like being stuck in traffic.
Ugh, traffic. We all have to deal with it, almost no one likes it, and I get so frustrated driving in traffic at night.
Public transportation can be stressful when people won’t mind their manners.
Can we all just get off of our cell phones for a minute and enjoy nature?
The worse point in your run, having to be frustrated as you stop for the crosswalk that never seems to change.
I wish the pictures weren't so blurry so I could really see the Fur babies
The bed up against the window with the cityscape is so close to a relaxing, beautiful image, except the building outside the window has construction, which turns it into a very ugly view. I imagined how I'd feel if I was staying in this room, excited about having such a nice view of the city only for it to be ruined by construction.
why are the utensils handing like that? that's really annoying to look at!
Riding public transit violates my personal space needs.
I don't like it when there are people who take pictures of of unsuspecting travelers on trains - it feels like spying
The recent seaport blockade instituted by the invading enemy has caused many essential ships to be landlocked.
The sign explicitly states that the road is closed to pedestrians, but people are walking their anyways.
The disappointment on their dull faces angers me.
It's sad, this mean risked his life for us.... And this is how we repay him.
Our country should not foster a society where our veterans can be homeless. Combine the homeless vet shown in the photo with the anti-homeless architecture of the benches and it should make everyone angry!
To see a homeless Vet makes me angry because the Government should never allow it.
The subject of the photo is off-center, and the man pictured is dressed in formal attire, giving the impression that he's a businessman of some sort. This, combined with his unpleasant facial expression, make me feel like I would not want to be in the same room as him, and I probably would not like him very much.
I'm wondering how anyone can eat meat after seeing a cute face like that
The apartment is so incredibly messy it looks like someone ransacked it.
The eagle seems rather slapped on that otherwise clearly chinese languaged and designed sign is just a lazy attempt to appeal to Americans.
Yep, I just know one of those bags will be "lost". ... Airport....huh
This photo makes me angry for several reasons. One, the police are using horses and potentially putting these animals in harm's way. The second reason is that this scene with the police makes me think of riots or protests, and police brutality. The image evokes feelings of injustice, violence, and civil unrest.
As an animal rights activist, I hate the idea of the police using horses in their work and putting them in harms way. Why can't they ride bikes, cars, or walk instead?
It's frustrating being in a room where the floor is crowded, but not cluttered so cleaning won't fix it.
The bus looks like it is blocking the whole road and makes me angry because I would not be able to cross the street there.
Why can't women have real pockets? It's ridiculous. Men can hold the entire contents of my purse in one of their pockets, but I can't even get a pocket that can hold my phone!
A long-standing road improvement project prevents me from making a left-hand turn.
this just looks irritating and confusing to drive through, also construction always puts a damper on your drive
Elephants should never be taken from the wild and held in captivity for human amusement.
I hate seeing elephants exploited, they are not vehicles they should not be providing rights to anyone
I've never liked side cars on motorcycles and have always thought they were unsafe.
This guy in a generic suit with a red tie standing in front of a flag with a smarmy expression on his face makes me think of him as an especially complacent politician somewhere.
As a child my least favorite vacations were beach related.
Wild animals should never be used for entertainment. I am sure the event is exciting for the people involved, but those elephants must be terrified by the fireworks!!
Riding a bike in the middle of a crowd can get people injured if you are not watching what you are doing.
Throwing a frisbee feels unpredictable at times and annoying.
Using horses for sport makes me angry. I think our society needs to evolve away from this.
No matter how fancy the outfit is, I hate that horses are used to transport tourists, they are not always well treated and often overworked.
I don't like how the horse is muzzled and seems to be used to pull a carriage of wealthy old people.
Im jealous of this picture because I can never get a kite to work.
I like most graffiti but in bathrooms it's usually never artistic and just vandalism.
Looks like a nice outside event just got snowed out...bummer.
Noise pollution has been on the rise with many residents near the town's airport airing complaints to their local officials and politicians.
I don't like it when guys are trying to show off
I'm not sure why the goat's mouth is taped, but I feel like it shouldn't be.
This picture put me in a state of shock and anger because I notice one detail of the photo is that the goat appears to have a muzzle or a black strap around their mouth. I do not like seeing animals being put into muzzles, since it reminds me of a type of animal cruelty and lack of care.
I don't think that phones are a good thing for anyone to have because they intrude.
I wish I could see the front of his sweatshirt, I believe my dad has the same NY Jets one
I hate it when the waitress drops the food and the check at the same time.
I think it is disrespectful to be harming public property.
I can't tell which lane I'm supposed to be in at this cock-eyed intersection.
I'm pretty sure pineapple on pizza is illegal in 14 States
Urban overpopulation has caused the daily commute to work to be a major pain for many.
knowing innocent people are in jail makes mad
Giraffes are such majestic animals, and it is so infuriating that we keep them captive for our own entertainment.
The female tennis player wearing a dress reminds me of sexist double standards in sports, which makes me angry because it must be hard to play tennis in a dress and it's unfair for women to have to fulfill societal standards of beauty even when they are amazing athletes.
The red stop sign makes me feel as if I'm going to be late to where I'm going
I hope this very young cowboy doesn't have to earn money as a tourist attraction.
I really dislike professional athletes they always seem arrogant.
Graffiti artists need to learn some respect if they can't stop spraying on cars.
I wonder if this was done on purpose or if the truck was vandalize.
I feel anger towards the couple as seemed to be moody.
This kind of traffic light wastes my time everyday.
I wouldn't be surprised if this guy used adjusting the posture for a golf swing as an excuse to get close to this woman.
I hope these buses don't take a long break because public transportation is expensive and it is hard to justify subvention with buses sitting idle.
This beautiful creature not only has to live in captivity, but has had the tips of his tusks cut off.
It is never ok to add graffiti to someone else's property, but this is really cute and it definitely adds something to the building.
I see a lot of traffic and traffic jams frustrate me.
The swimmers do not look well coordinated enough to be surfing.
I would hate to have to be the employee that has to clean this kitchen at the end of the night
Sidewalks are meant for people who are walking, it can make it hard for someone to continue doing what they need to when people decide to be inconsiderate and park their cars on the curb.
This white car clearly shows a disregard to others, with half of it sitting on the curb, blocking access for those that need it.
Some drivers have become so obnoxious that they disregard all parking laws to include fire hydrant spacing.
This woman doesn't have the right to sit while working just because she is slightly overweight.
The moment you get woken up, something that makes me angry since I should not of been woken up in the first place.
I hate to be that person but I'm not bowling without bumpers
I would not be happy in this situation, nothing is more annoying than trying to concentrate on something such as work and being disturbed by a noisy room.
The man's haughty expression and hidden eyes make me feel like he thinks he is better than me.
The dark skies and the cloudy weather over London remind me of having an awful and busy day at work filled with anger.
Its of a protest and while its has stuff i agree with it reminds me of the injustice in the world around me that is horrible
Seeing people gather in the streets at night makes me think and feel the situation will get out of hand and dangerous.
Nothing is worse than having to chase down your dog because they decided it was time to take themselves on a walk and leave you behind in the process.
This aggressive bird has chased away the cute little squirrels.
The sort of aghast face, the way one hand is facing up, the mouth agape, makes me think she's getting some bad news that warrants frustration.
Terminals tend to have so many instructions I get overwhelmed and frustrated.
Every time these bikers show up, they block the sidewalk and make it impossible to pass.
Road signs are sometimes restrictive for no good reason.
It looks like the dog has gone wild and is going to hurt the sheep rather than trying to herd them.
That guy probably shouldn't be there
A quiet morning at the hotel is ruined by a never-ending procession of motorcycles.
This image fills me with anger and disappointment. There is a special place in hell for people that actively eat pizzas with a fork and knife. I feel a genuine loss to society for the awful things we subject ourself to sometimes. The most efficient way to eat a pizza is grab a slice, fold it sideways and bite it like a taco.
I know from my own experience that this family with kids will leave a lot of trash on the beach.
This messy table looks infuriating because it indicates the owner is not a neat person.
Again all I want to know is who named the Orange before the carrot
The zebra appears to be grazing in a very barren and small enclosure which is upsetting.
The refrigerator seems to be left open which wastes electricity.
I am mad because someone left the refrigerator door open and its wasting electricity.
I prefer to see giraffes in their natural habitat
It would be very loud to live near this airport
The bus stop is ugly and there is nowhere for us to sit as we wait.
I get very annoyed when people skateboard down sidewalks that are filled with people.  There should be a separate bike lane for him.
The wiring of cables is very untidy and random.
Five noisy airplanes in formation break up the serenity of a sunny afternoon.
Graffiti is one of the things I despise, it is wrong to damage property that does not belong to you and it makes me angry every time that I see it.
While graffiti is always wrong, one has to admit that the graffiti adds something to this train.
I feel anger towards a person who spoils the public property. Its very bad behavior to draw graffiti on a train.
The train is old fashioned and should not be allowed to operate and pollute the environment.
He carries this arrogant look on his face which makes me feel he is a condescending person.
I do not like when animals are used for human amusement. These horses are beautiful and should not be subjected to carrying around tourists for a photo op.
She needs to put down that wii controller and do some of that laundry.
The way people are crowded in the streets makes me angry because of the difficult of movement.
I don't mind people being religious but please don't tell other people how to live.
The excitement on his face looks scary.
So many people on the sidewalk and stuck in the rain makes it hard to get around the city.
Seeing this cow tied up makes me feel angry that an animal is being restricted in this way.
The sea is a beautiful blue and the rocks look impressively jagged yet someone has defaced the rock face with a depressingly skilll-less graffiti tag.
The boat decides to drop anchor right next to our secret spot behind the rocks.
Its amazing how in today's high tech world, there still is a large amount of redundant and obvious traffic signs.
It looks like the picture shows a robbery that is occurring at the moment the photo was taken. I feel angry when seeing people steal from the hard work of others. The man in the red jacket seems to be holding some sort of object in his hand, and that the person in the brown jacket shows a form of discomfort.
I've lived the frustration of not landing a trick.
The man's facial expression and the way the skateboard is in motion make me think he screwed up his trick.
That looks like the type of train that you have to wait 20 minutes for it to cross.
My bananas are normally brown when they fall and rip like that
I feel anger as the girl in the image is not healthy and fit.
All the cables running makes me frustrated and confused.
That draw is too organized to belong to a creative person
I feel like the forest is an awful place to play frisbee
If I had a competent mechanic, I wouldn't be trying to figure out which bus to take.
Although it looks like these children are having fun at the zoo, it is unfair of humans to put animals in cages for our amusement. I get angry at picture like this.
The woman in red holding court in front of a room full of politicians makes me feel like I am about to be lied to in this upcoming press conference
This looks to be a photo of a press conference.  I can see the EU flag to the left and, as a British person, it's something that reminds me of Brexit!  I voted to Remain and it makes me angry to remember all the lies and nonsense said during the referendum.
I feel a weird sense of anger because I associate politicians with liars. They rarely speak the truth, never deliver on promises, and spin everything to fit their agenda.
This image makes me angry because the clocks on the wall make noises that keep you awake at night every hour while trying to sleep.
That looks like the type of chair grandmothers don't let you sit on
This seems like a traffic jam to me and traffic makes me angry to begin with.  That's why I had to get out of the city!
It's cute, but that's not nearly enough food.
Getting an important phone call in the busiest place possible is always annoying since it might be hard to hear the information that you need to act on.
All four of these guys should be working like the rest of us and not playing video games at work.
The purple line in the middle of the image is so distracting it ruins the picture.
I am angry at the people that work in this government looking building.
The toilet being so close to the sink is bound to be an unsavory experience.
It seems to me like this bathroom is tiny, I'm a big guy and feel like I wouldn't be able to use the bathroom without hitting my legs on the sink.
Keeping wild animals captive for human enjoyment is nothing short of cruel and unusual punishment.
He looks angry which makes me want to feel the same way
Every time I try to go to work, this lady is out here selling these red things.
When this security guard told me I couldn't drink liquor in the beer garden, I was quite upset.
I hate seeing people using mobile phones as it has reduced direct interactions.
This is the first image to invoke a sense of anger in me. This appears to be a costume of some sort but the blood looks too real, I don't care for violence, but the worst part is his eyes. His eyes are red like a devil because of the camera flash. It makes me hate his smug face.
I wish it was two adorable dogs instead of a mirror
I was furious when I learned that this lady in a red shirt interfered with my computer setup.
I don't care how comfortable she is, this little girl's carseat is not buckled properly and she is highly likely to be injured in an accident.
Three men engaged in collaboration reminds me of long hours brain storming before undertaking a particular hard task at work, and the hours I'll sink into it
This picture angers me since I could see waste and pollutants in the center of the photo, next to the ocean. I become enrage when I see people throwing away their trash at the ocean or at the beach, since it shows me their lack of care for the environment.
Although this dog is adorable, my first emotion would be anger, because the dog has destroyed his/her toy and it's human owner is not picking up the stuffing before the dog can possibly eat it and get hurt from it.
The doggo has taken a toy and is ripping it apart and making a mess of stuffing all over the floor!
The sight of the dog ripping up something it probably shouldn't be ripping up is upsetting.
The dog tears up my favorite throw from last year's Mardi Gras.
The close up of the oranges make me think this is an attempt at art and makes me inpatient with the lack of originality
I still wanna know who named the orange before the carrot
The line for the food truck is so long I will never get to eat my Italian food.
I hate waiting in long lines. Especially for food. This line would frustrate me and I would go somewhere else feeling defeated, angry, and hungry.
I can't be trusted to cut in a straight line freehand with scissors
The electricians cut off power to an entire city block.
I feel angry that the school safety sign has been callously knocked over.
Seen this crossing sign on the ground, makes me a bit angry. Why would somebody hit this and just ignore it, this is a safety issue
This road looks sloppy, overtaken by roadwork and confusing road signs.
This yacht represents severe excess in our world today.
I can't read the expression on the man's face but I think it is disrespectful toward the woman.
The boy looking at us makes me think he is about to steal something off the table in this busy market.
I would hate to have to elbow my way through such a thick crowd.
Animosity seeps through the crowd as they wait for an official explanation.
I hate to see the gatherings due to the effect of covid 19 pandemic.
The train is stuck, and we are all freezing!
This picture looks like a meeting of some sort. The kind that a company would force someone to go to as part of their training and that upsets me. The people in the image do not look happy. They look bored and annoyed with being in the room. For me, this brings up feelings of anger at myself for working retail and having to sit through these things and how I should have done better with my life.
In this photo it looks like people are leaving their cards unattended just anywhere on the road.
Why did the photographer put his hand in front and ruin the shot?
For some reason, seeing the tiny building in the middle of that field makes me angry.
This looks like an ad with its slickness and text. I'm not interested in shopping; shopping need not go on.
the horse looks sick and over worked and that makes me angry because it's not being treated right.
Seeing the row of cars pictured here makes me angry at all the pollution that cars have wrought upon our society.
I feel that man is abusing that elephant by standing on its trunk and using its ears to steady himself. That is a living creature, not a ladder.
Human beings should never treat animals, especially large ones like elephants, like this. Disgusting.
This photo makes me angry because I don’t like when they let Tourists take pictures on top of elephants... They are not toys
The motorcycle makes me feel angry because most motorcyclists are jerks at driving.
I feel like the man in the picture is glaring at me and it made me feel angry.
Human beings should never interrupt a wild animal's life enough to get this close for a photo.
Beautiful specimens such as this vivacious red flower inevitably arouse in me a sense of anger and resentment at the careless corporations and their high payed lobbyists that continue to undermine any attempt our government makes at climate renewal.
I remember the days where our dogs rode around in the back of trucks. I also remember the days where dogs went flying out of the beds of trucks on the road. This is why we don't haul our dogs around in the backs of trucks anymore, no matter how much they may love it.
The picture of people with suitcases brings back memories of my most recent travel experience which was extremely frustrating to say the least.
I would hate being anywhere around this demonstration, as a participant or otherwise.
I can expect this from a 2 year old but a grown man?
Seeing a runaway train at night brings back bad memories of living near the tracks
I’d rather lounge peacefully at the beach but the proximity of this road makes me think cars will be whizzing by and ruining my serenity.
A bunch of young people posing on a basketball court.  This is weird, because to look at them you'd think they were doing some kind of 'extreme' sport - surfing, kayaking, hangliding, etc. - yet you can see all they've been doing is playing bloody frisbee!  Go away you young fakers, you disgust me.
The black car is not parked well, since it is not straight in the spot and could be blocking other cars.
No one in this parking lot seems to know how to park their car.
Oddly, I get a subtle feeling of anger when I look at this picture because the subtle smiles displayed on the faces of the sharply dressed male individuals pictured seems as if something sinister is going on. More specifically, the men appear as if they are dressed for a special occasion.
My friend's brother is a prickish troll and also disgustingly competitive.
The animals are beautiful but their imprisonment is not.
The signs are in a language that I can't read and its frustrating.
I do not like it when people put these signs all over the yards of people.
It annoys me that the door was built so poorly and not accounted for by the toilet
These ladies have some real nerve to think they can come over and throw themselves onto the bed.
A miltiary vehicle in what looks like London.  For whatever reason this reminds me of the Ukraine war, and I assume that the truck is chock full of stuff that will be used to blow up Russian nonsense.  War is sad, but the Russians make me angry.
I am pleased that this kid is happy, but it makes me so angry that humans think it is ok to keep wild animals captive for our own amusement.
i would be mad with someone invading my wave and messing me up
This person seems very privileged and pretentious judging by the brands of laptop and coffee I see him using.
Frankly, I'm in no mood to support the police lately, especially after Uvalde. The absolute last thing they need is recognition and honor from riding in a parade.
With the many cases of police brutality and a US sponsored war in Ukraine, seeing cops proudly flying the jingoistic American flag behind their motorcycles as a bunch of likely Blue Lives Matter, Trump-voting, white people take photos makes me really angry about how tone deaf people are.
Her laughing expression and phone to her ear makes me feel like I can almost hear her having a phone conversation while I'm trying to drive.
I don't understand what the sign means by "inward" in regards to the cars, which is frustrating.
The red stop sign makes me angry because it slows down travelers.
The shade from this umbrella isn’t helping the picnic table at all
As a youth when I played baseball bunting wasn’t allowed, I felt this was very unjust.
I will never understand why human beings think it is ok to hold wildlife captive.
A photo of a frog or a lizard being held next to a mobile phone, as if he's speaking into it.  I'll be honest: although I know this is meant to be amusing, there's something about the two guys in the background that annoys me.  There's also a complete lack of subtlety, which is also annoying.  I feel sort of angry about this.
fancy dinners be terrible. so many rules and to many silverwares. i use the same utensils for everything
The herd has drifted into the rocks and must now be aggressively retrieved.
A grocery run would turn into a hassle with all this crowding.
This propaganda poster in the middle of a city makes me upset
That asking price is completely unreasonable for the product
Sir, move your eyes closer to the meter and read at the word "Expired".
This is not that big of a breakfast so I feel angry. There should be more to it.
The men wearing cowboy hats remind me of the punks that drive around in diesel trucks and destroy the environment.
I could never enjoy motion games sitting down it always felt pointless.
Dirt bikes can be very destructive especially on a green field like this.
The snowy road makes me mad at the thought of driving
The cat standing on the keyboard reminds me of when my old cat deleted my entire college thesis.
The man on the right's butt is on the other man's side of the bed, and he isn't sharing the space evenly.
After landing in a situation, he realizes he's overslept.
I can’t stand the cramped conditions of mass transit, I think the woman in this photo agrees with me.
What in the world do people have to stop in the middle of the road for two cows for..
The sign that says "do not enter" makes me very angry because signs have no business telling me what I can or cannot do.
I think it is sad when people deface property that is not theirs. We pay for it.
One time when I utilized side parking such as this a careless driver took off my side mirror leaving me heated.
Sitting in traffic is awful especially at the end of the day when you’re just trying to get home and relax.
I doubt I'm getting to my destination early or on time with all this down town traffic, being late really stresses me out.
Being stuck in traffic at this time of night makes me irate.
all schools are anymore watching cartoons and playing games
One of the few things I don’t care for sharing is an umbrella I need room to stay dry.
The man on the motorcycle reminds me of the punk that used to rev his engine at 5 in the morning
Motorcyclists often ride through my neighborhood and make a lot of very loud noise for no reason, so I feel angry seeing this.
This picture makes me feel anger as these biker gangs are notorious within the US and they agitate people which causes violence.
The girl looking into the phone reminds me of my neighbors bratty daughter, she is very rude.
The graffiti on the fence is horrible to see and makes the area look unloved.
Wild animals, large ones especially, should never be held in captivity!
The two men on the bench look angry and that angers me because they don't seem friendly.
If I was walking and looking for a bench I would hate to see this one it seems pretty occupied.
I would hate to be in a position where I needed to read this meter, I have no clue what it says.
The man in the biker jacket reminds me of the thug who used to smash my mail box
The damaged traffic signal seems terrible to me, that's vandalism. Traffic signs are important for road safety
I’ve never had a good travel experience that involves taking care of more than one bag it’s always been a headache.
This zebra appears to be hurt because humans forced it onto the skateboard, which makes me furious. Leave the poor animal alone.
There is never an appropriate time or place for elephants to be held in captivity for humans to look at them.
this professor looks like he’s having computer trouble and the tech guy is trying to assist him.  It looks frustrating
I agree whole-heartedly with the message, but it's never ok to vandalize public property.
This upsets me a bit. The 1% graffiti on the stop sign is entirely unnecessary and does nothing to support the cause.
I feel angry because aggressive men make me angry and this picture feels like the epitome of male aggresssion.
The way that male tennis coach is looking at this female makes me angry because he looks mad
idiot protester being really dumb and ignorant. hope he ended up in jail
It makes me angry because he seems to be an arrogant person with a pushy attitude
All the heavy traffic on this country road makes it difficult to hear the birds.
This traffic jam reminds me how frustrating it is to drive in the city
The cat leaning on the TV reminds me of the cat that broke my 72 inch 4k TV a few years ago, we got rid of the cat for doing so.
I’m imagining losing mine amongst the line of scooters, so infuriating.
The political sign makes me angry because I do not agree with their political stance
I want to catch the bus and not listen to this lady talk about her problems.
Go ahead, turn on the faucet and see where that gets you.
The peaceful reverie of the swans is destroyed by the squawking arrival of these new mean birds.
She grabbed her brother's game controller and sent the whole room into a frenzy.
I feel mad because it looks like someone took this sign down from the post that it should have been on.
The truck makes me mad because it reminds me of any truck going slow in front of me on the road.
The brutish semi-truck tries to muscle its way past the sweet little blue car.
I'm upset that our top-floor condo is the only one that didn't include a protective yellow awning.
I really hope this was a free mistake from the kitchen, if not I'd be hostile.
Getting a burnt and deformed pizza like that would make me angry.
A weirdly shaped pizza.  That is burnt.  Very burnt.  I'm shocked and appalled that this would get actually served up to a paying customer, surely the person in the kitchen would have looked at this and thought "This is burnt.  Very burnt"
There is a no bicycle parking board and still someone parked their cycle in the place which is not good and not appreciable one also. People should follow rules and regulations which is every one responsibilities.
This is obviously old because of the flip phone. I don't understand why all the old pictures. Guys who seem like they love themselves are always jerks.
The guy in the picture looks like an influencer who is full of himself and conceded because he looks young with shades looking at his phone.
She had the nerve to tell us she was spreading out so a homeless person wouldn't take the bench.
The people are wasting their time playing videos
If I was the one taking in this grand view a phone call would ruin the whole vibe.
This photo of a man walking between his fancy sports car and private airplane made me think about the rich getting richer.
The man looks up at us in the cheap seats, fascinated by our lower-class status.
The giraffes are in a zoo and it looks like bad weather is approaching.
You tell me to dress like a Jamaican flag and then you fail to see me when you come to pick me up?
I always forget until it’s too late that you need sunglasses even in the snow and the sun is shining, being blinded is no fun.
The look on this man's face makes me think he's giving the woman her 'marching orders,' and I find it irritating because it feels disrespectful of her.
I hope nobody’s private property is that garage door it’s tacky when people do this to another’s property.
It's very frustrating when someone comes and paints graffiti on public property, it ruins the neighborhood.
I understand having these mirrors are useful, but they always confuse me on how far things are.
This large yacht reminds me of the excess humans have created.
Seeing all these animals fenced in makes me want to go free them
I do not like to see animals imprisoned for any reason.
This looks like a racing horse pulling a jockey in a cart, I don't like seeing animals in this condition being treated like slaves. It makes me angry.
Even though I loved our childhood pets, it would make me heated when my seat got stolen by a cat.
I wouldn’t want to own a car here all the sand kicking up in the engine would cause some annoying repairs.
This picture angers me due to the environmental damage we're doing on our planet. It is seeing all these infrastructure being built on nature with nobody trying to fix or upgrade it.
It will always escape me why people find the need to desecrate a clean public bathroom, don’t we all want it to look nice?
This seems like it's backstage at a dog show. I hate dog shows. The poor dogs don't get to have a happy life as a dog.
I remember family vacations where I was in charge of all the bags and making sure we got them, this was annoying.
Ice melt is sending polar bears inland but to Minnesota?
The decor is very mismatched and bland and looking at it makes me feel uneasy.
I don’t miss the memories of digging my little car out of a big mound of snow.
I hate when sprinkler also wet the sidewalk because you are forced to walk in the street.
Someone should have washed the knife and put the vegetable peelings in the compost bin.
The posture of the athlete on the bench suggest his discontent at the moment and brings up feeling of anger because I believe the today's youth have such entitlement issues.
A good friend of mine got into a bad motorcycle accident, so I loathe motorcycles. Too dangerous.
The symbol she is doing with her hands looks like an evil cult sign and ruins the picture.
This picture shows a lack of respect that some people have for their own environment. There are smashed toilets, rubble and graffiti.
I feel anger at seeing this mess, that someone would dump this stuff here and just leave it. The broken toilets are bad enough, but the graffiti tells me that someone or maybe a few someones spent considerable time here.
Two people are trying to enjoy themselves but  it looks like somebody in the background has a serious problem with that, this type of situation makes me feel very pestered.
I know elephant riding has a long tradition in Asia but please show some respect and don't put paint on the poor animal.
Animals do not belong in the house, and this one has now made a mess for someone to clean up.
These two law enforcement officers do not like bad guys and are determined to make them pay.
This city block with parked cars on both sides of the street is too congested!
Eversince Covid19 I feel angry seeing a group of people without mask on.
These types of motorcycles are always loud and disruptive
I hate when people ignore signs and park in front of a driveway.
I find this image slightly angering because it reminds me of my previous occupation's break room - as pictured - which was not an office that I enjoyed.
This apartment reminds me of Los Angeles apartments that are 700 square feet and rent for over $2,000 a month -- no thanks.
If I was the man I would be annoyed with how many hands are touching me and all the stuff being done to my face.
He's just a half in from scratching someone.
It seems like it would be very disturbing to be enjoying the beach while this large and noisy bus drives on the sand.
I would hate to get caught at this railroad crossing they take forever and drive me nuts.
I have expressed rage and embarrassment over my friends who can’t read clocks such as this.
all of these idle boats remind me how much access there is in the world
They all seemed in their own world and disengaged I hate when I sit with a group and this happens to me it feels annoying.
We see a family gathered at a Chinese restaurant for dinner. However, it is extremely disappointing to see that they are all stuck on their phones.
These woman need to put their phones down, especially the girl in the foreground. When you are walking, there is no need to be on the phone!
I do not like poor photography. This is not a good photo as the subjects are to the side -- you can't see their faces!
It looks like this is some sort of construction project -- most likely upgrading some apartments and renovating them so they can charge double the price. Not a fan of this.
My first feeling was anger because seeing police lately makes me mad because they have history of bully people.
While I'm glad for their victory, I don't care at all for hockey.
The cat prevents you again from working on the laptop.
It makes me feel slightly angry looking at this picture clearly in the city, with what looks to be an apartment building on the left and business buildings on the right, because living in the city with traffic such as all the cars in this picture creates a lot of frustration.
Hank set up a personal survey system on his work site.
The girl is staring intently at the camera with her mouth in a tight line as if she's upset or being accusatory
Bumper to bumper traffic is no fun. Sometimes, in the busiest parts of the day, it can take an hour just to get one mile down the road. That can be frustrating.
Where I live we have a large train station and multiple tracks going in and out of city in many directions, The trains always stop in town and literally block up the entire town and it is so difficult to find your way around them, sometimes impossible, so this makes me feel angry looking at the train.
Unless they have no bike lock there’s no reason for them to just lay their bike on the ground, they also only have themselves to blame if it was taken
It's frustrating that people vandalize public transportation like this because all it does is make the environment less pleasant for everybody else
This made me feel angry because someone wrote what looks like a gang's name on the back of the chair.
I feel like this photo takes the perspective of a bird who just arrived, only to see all the poles occupied.
Gramps tells his son and grandson that alcohol is a tool of the devil.
This image photo shows the stupidity of the person applying the tie. The other lady could get strangled.
Funny that they expect people to read from the screen.
It reminds me of going back to office and all the 'corporate culture' nonsense people are expected to put up with. A lot of stress and some manager that makes a lot of money without providing any help to his team and likes to constantly micromanage them. Toxic environment
It makes me mad whenever I see a street sign that has been defaced and will need to be replaced.
The stop sign is defaced and it is illegal to vandalize a street sign.
Why do people think that this is quality time?  It makes me angry because this person should be bonding with the baby and not playing a game.  These babies only stay small for a short time.  They grow up really fast.  This is the age where it's extremely important because they are curious and learning.  I hate seeing this photo.  I hope this is not the baby's father.
The clock would be an impressive art structure, if it wasn't for the distracting advertising.
Why can't the United States have a decent high-speed rail system?
Put the phone down and look around at what is going on around you.
It makes me so angry that this guy is smoking inside and also he needs to put his shirt back on
The lady should put her phone away and pay more attention to what is happening along the street.
To be honest, it feels disgusting. I know bears are supposed to be cute and everybody is supposed to love them. But the industry is just so useless and wasteful and gift-giving and receiving is just an empty and meaningless gesture. So I see the bear shop and the window display full of bears and I feel disgusted with the amount of waste and useless materials.
A train crossing is just a long red light. I prefer green.
The hand is in my face which is a hostile gesture.
Car accidents and troubles always cause me a great amount of stress.
While I believe in many aspects of capitalism, I also believe that Wall St has tipped the scale in a very unfair way.
There isn't much happening but I get a feeling of unease from the man in the photo so he makes me angry just thinking about how he may be.
Construction workers who hold stop signs like this really piss me off, I know what a stop sign is, I don't need you to stand there and make sure I stop.
The street structure has been vandalized and this is not acceptable.
it's an old out dated church with a bird flying by, i assume this church is filled with old cranky white christians who yell at children and servers
People who walk and use their cell phones at the same time bother me, since I've been bumped into a lot.
This image photo angers me that someone would leave the top off of the jelly.
I feel angry because it reminds me of morning traffic which I hate experiencing on my way to work.
The toilet looks as if it has been dumped there by someone and I wonder why people do that
This photo makes me angry at the adults who feel it is safe to take a young child out for a ride on a motorcycle like that.
The policeman wonders if the child has a valid driver's license.
Anger because I don't like being told I can't go somewhere.  And why can't undergrads go in?!?!
The sign forbids undergrads from entering which is snubbing a huge population.
The image elicits a feeling of anger through its capture of a live action scene featuring a group of youths disrespecting private property.
I feel anger and sad. Sad for the little boy who wants to play tennis and anger that the two children is fighting of a tennis racket.
The man looks like a politician. The way he is shaking the boys hand reminds me of how these people use children to make themselves look like good people when in reality they just want power and don't care about the people. Makes me angry.
School buses are often my arch-nemesis on my morning commute as they hold up traffic.
I'm quite opposed to animals being used for the pleasure of entertainment.
There are trains very close to my workplace.  I hear them all day long and they are annoying.  It can also make you late if you have to wait for it.  I know they are needed in society but I am not a big fan of trains.
Why does she always have to grab his ass when he's eating pie?
The thought of being stuck in that kind of traffic going through what appears to be a smaller town makes me angry. I don't want to be wherever this is.
Nothing gets me more angry than traffic, as we see in this picture.
This looks like a traffic jam. Those people are going to be sitting there for a while.
I hate the airport process and seeing a plane sitting on the runway gives me anxiety
This photo seems like a used car lot and someone will probably be scammed buying this car.
All directions stuck with a red light. Might have us all running late to destinations.
Dogs do not belong in a shopping cart outside because that is not good for their well being and I cannot stand there there is graffiti on the wall because it looks tacky and makes the area feel unsafe since it is associated with crime.
This bridge is poorly maintained with visible corrosion on its body.
This stop sign is literally telling me that, to stop. But to stop because I am about to enter an urban, lawless jungle full of depressed people with unclean environments and poor living conditions that leads them to crime. Stop because you are about to enter a high crime area. I get that feeling because of the graffiti. When the gov. doesn't even care to clean their own signs, you know is bad.
The expression and body language makes me feel stuck having an unpleasant talk with a girlfriend with no way of immediate escape
The boys want to skateboard in a crowd and could injure someone.
I live in the city and carry luggage on the subway is one big pain.
This graphic reminds me of irritating grade school math problems involving fruit being purchased or exchanged in ways inconsistent with reality
This addition doesn't make sense as you can't add up these fruit to create a lemon
This image provides carelessness of a parent watching their child.
A gamer with an angry expression and holding up gaming controls captures the unnatural focus these young people have on the digital world.
This image makes me angry because I hate snow and cold weather, it is so stupid, I can't believe people live like this, that is why I'm in California with great weather
This white fire hydrant is poorly maintained and needs repair and painting.
The kids snotty facial expression are like every high schooler pulled away from their phones
Anger is the closest thing to "impatient and anxious" which is how this photo makes me feel. I get anxious after a long time in bumper to bumper traffic. It feels very claustrophobic, like there is no escape. My baby also cries when the car stops and I'd feel helpless to help her if she was crying endlessly in the back seat while we waited for thr traffic to start moving. And what if I (or my young children) need a rest room while we are stuck on the high way?
I would be very angry at this cat who is laying on my laptop, I can't get any work done like that!
If he were to put his phone down for a moment, he would see the sign that says "please do not sit on the steps".
Seeing a cat this fat is animal abuse and it makes me angry
That's my bike she's sitting on. I very angry what nerve!
Graffiti makes me angry because it makes what could appear to be a safe area unsafe because it makes it appear that there is crime in the area. The art appears to be gibberish and is going to take a ton of work to cover it up only for it to happen again.
I hate graffiti on walls just like this I can’t understand why people feel the need to go out and do this it is so stupid
I always get a little bit angry when I see that trees have been cut down because that means that somebody has modified nature and this makes me angry.
The skateboarder has flipped the skateboard in the air and is trying to keep his balance, which shows his skill but also why accidents are so common in the sport.
The video game showed in the picture made think of my best friend playing video not talking to me, which made me mad.
They're discussing urban ecosystems, perhaps to benefit urban areas, yet as mother Theresa said: A preaching point is not a meeting point.
If the lady would just put down her cell phone, she would notice the beautiful bride behind her.
All of the strings and lines and so much crowding makes me frustrated and nervous at the disorganization.
Seeing notes like this one reminds me of annoying people at work.
I wish people wouldn’t do grafitti on public trains.
This guy is making me angry because he looks like a South American Drug Lord checking on his drug deals
The fact that the woman in the bridal gown is talking on a cell phone while what appears to be her bride's maid stands to the side waiting, frustrates me on behalf of the bride. It simply makes me wonder, who would call a bride on her wedding day and DURING the wedding, no less?
Seems like the greats seats are wasted on a person who looks bored by the experience
Get off your damn phone. I'm here, trying to talk to you!
Seeing this railway makes me think of the busy commuting life and makes me stressed
The dog's leash is placed high on the truck bed, and if the dog jumps off for any reason it will be strangled.
Looks like it has just been dumped. not good for the environment to just throw waste out like this. Its a shame that people would fly tip and destroy the environment.
Looking at a bunch of vehicles stuck in traffic makes me feel angry,.
I feel anger at seeing big towers, cars, and other man made structures crowding out nature with just one little tree left.
Watching a group of kids around a fire and the area looking bad makes me mad.
It appears to be an Indian slum and it makes me angry that a country can afford a space agency and do nothing about children living in slums.
I'm angry at myself that i have not succeeded in getting this kind of lifestyle.
The women are apart and one is gesturing as if she is mad and ready to fight.
This makes me angry because people have no respect for anything.
This man has kind of angry and hostile look on his face and it makes me feel a bit awkward and angry myself.
Lots of people don't understand what homeowners go through and what kind of bills they have to pay also.
Waiting in the line makes me angry since my time is wasting instead of doing something more meaningful.
It pisses me off that a wild dog can roam around like this without any safety precautions.
I hate it when my cat goes on the internet to watch videos. He always messes up my desk and that makes me mad
A perfectly good bike was thrown into the water to rust and pollute
Massive traffic in no fun and with car carrying numerous bikes looks dangerous
Traffic is tight on a narrow street and someone has to stop the car in front of other traffic to talk which holds up the traffic.
All those pylons and traffic lights take away the beauty of the blue sky.
Seeing a sewer pipe gives me horrible flashbacks to my basement flooding
This guy is so creepy he makes me angry enough to crush a banana just like he is doing!
This polar bear does not look at peace; he is probably in captivity at a zoo.
this cop looks intent in catching someone doing wrong
The hand motion of the man seems as if he is belittling the women which makes me mad.
Instead of playing video games, the girls should go outside and play.
The interlocking images make me dizzy and give me a headache, it's making me nervous.
The well dressed woman is on a busy street with her arms crossed and a frown on her face, which are signs of anger.
Looks like a bunch of lazy skaters lounging around outside doing nothing.
Seeing stuff like this makes me so angry. I think all people should be able to be themselves without dealing with people like that.
These people are going on a speed boat without safety vests, which is not very good.
I hate selfies and this one is especially God awful I hope this is not just for him to Instagram
The red traffic lights would keep me from getting to where I need to go.
This could be considered as animal cruelty; they should let the elephant take a bath on its own.
That bus lane needs to be fixed up because someone could trip on the cracks and hurt themselves.
Why is he on a boat with flip flops.
This Camo painted large army style truck parked in the grass gives me a feeling of annoyance because I believe someone is just trying to show it off.
The woman being consumed in the phone with the young girl watching is irritating.
Elephants don't belong in a circus being taught to "do tricks" and being moved around in tiny shipping containers then held in inadequate/inhumane pens.   Elephants belong in the wild being protected by humans.  Not being exploited and abused them.
A blurry picture of some men playing frisbee, blurry photos make me angry
Seems like a lot of people are here waiting for a ride. This seems very busy right before work hours here.
These people should experience nature instead of lining up to play video games
I hate the word gyro, it reminds me of the gynecologists' and I don't want to associate that with food.
People are waiting for the bus which means it’s running late.
The dock has many small power boats tied up making it look crowded and disorganized, which irritates me a little.
It frustrates me when people are walking around in a busy city and are distracted by talking on their phones because they could get seriously hurt.
This photo makes me feel angry as it shows animals fenced in, rather than being able to be free to roam where they want.  The high rise buildings in the background say we are taking away much of their natural habitat, and fencing them in is our way of protecting them by putting them in display instead
I don't enjoy seeing these poor goats all tied up and not happy. I would like to rescue them and let them live their best lives on my farm.
The goats are piled together too closely and they don’t have any freedom to move around.
The red traffic light is tripping me up by making me late.
I hate motorcycle cops they are so useless all they do is give out tickets that is not really fighting crime
Traffic lights always annoy me since they keep me from getting to where I need to go on time.
I'm kind of mad that this cow doesn't have a nice green pasture to hang out in and is instead stuck on cement in some ones garage or parking lot.
I was amused at first until I remembered how circus animals were mistreated.
The wives don't know they are fishing so it might be good he shut off the camera.
I think this is an image that shows just how most people in society are addicted to their devices.
I will admit that I always get a little bit angry when I see people playing on their phones as I have been thinking that people spend far too much time on them.
Never mind about the stapler, the outdated checkered pattern on the sofa is disgusting!
I feel the uncomfortableness that I get when being approached on the street when beggars ask for hand outs and that makes me a little angry that someone illicits that emotion from me
I don't believe that horses should be ridden, especially competitively as shown in this photograph.
A toyota sedan with a bunch of bikes on top, I presume they are headed to a race of some sort, I don't care for racing
Motorcycle gangs parading arrogantly through city streets, revving their loud engines and speeding carelessly by respectable authority figures.
This looks like cruel and unusual punishment for the horse having to drag this guy around, it doesn't look like it would move over land very easily
He’s not supposed to park his bike on the sidewalk; always irritates and annoys me to see that.
I hate activists and rioters who have nothing better to do than protest stupid shit, like these people don't have a normal day job? These are the capital rioter type of people.
The water looks unclean and looks like us not taking care of our environment
The roadworks makes me think of being stuck in rush hour traffic and how much I do not want to go to work
The sign indicates that construction is happening which suggests bad traffic.
This motorcyle riser looks like he is taking this way too seriously. Not because of his helmet; every rider should wear a helmet. But because of his leather garb that look like they have sponsor patches on them. He is driving in a suburb and is going slow enough that the background is not even blurred. Overdramatic much?
It's a man on what appears to be a racing motorcycle, I don't care for vehicle racing, seems like a waste of fuel
Skate boarding will always remind me of being chased out of numerous parking lots/steps leading to various buildings by owners or authorities insisting I was doing something wrong but just wanted to skate
With that milkshake or similar drink right next to the guy's laptop ot tablet, that's clear an accident waiting to happen. And it's such an essy to avoid mistake.
The horseman in a warring gesture with the spear makes me feel a bout of hunger and conflict.
There was a frisbee type course attached to my local golf course and the annoyance of rude teenagers playing creeps back into me at the site of this young man throwing his
I hate stop signs, I feel like they are just suggestions and are really just a huge waste of time and gas, you only need them if other cars are around, I hate having to stop at them when there are no other cars in sight.
The stop sign is telling me that I can't go when I want to.
The silver car looks like it's suffered a wreck since the front part is damaged.
I think that someone backed their car up into the gray car and pulled off without notifying anyone of the crash.
This shot could have been done better. The subjects are too far away and off-centered.
The construction situation indicates that the power lines are down.
It has been very difficult to get to work lately and it has made me angry because the city workers have been very busy on the roads.
I hate to see people leave things on public benches without cleaning them or throwing them in a garbage bin.
I hate protesters and marches like this, do these people really think they are making a difference? Because they are not...
Realizing that they need to be protesting in order to have their health needs met creates anger for the system that's currently in place.
I'm angry because I'm curious what's going on in that laptop screen, the curiosity is going to kill me.
The large sign advertising "Free Info about JESUS" makes me feel angry because proselytizers like this are an intrusive annoyance.
Blurry picture of flowers in a blue vase. It could have been a very pretty image, but is blurred
I am reminded of all the times my phone's earbud  wires get tangled up as I take a run while listening to music.
This looks like the coffee break room at my old job that I hated.
This is a ridiculously small TV screen in what looks to be an awkward location. Plus I hate Jay Leno.
Stuffed animals tend to irritate me slightly because they don't do anything and just take up space and cause clutter.
The man's hard expression makes me want to defend the turned woman from his harsh emotions.
I feel anger due to the body language in this image. The woman seems to be upset with the man and I would not want to be him at the moment.
I find loud and disruptive demonstrations in the streets like this awful and it makes me angry.
It looks like the man may be waiting in an airport, and that gives me a feeling of irritation.
The cat quickly runs away from the scene of the crime!
The stoplight is going to make me late for work.
waiting at a red light is horrible but when you see a good view its not that bad
I hate parking meters, they are so stupid, they are just another way for the government to take away our hard earned money!
The parking meter indicates that payment has failed.
He doesn't care if she claims to be of age he has to see some identification.
It looks like half the people in the room are craning their necks to watch something. I hate meetings like that.
These women don't look happy at being photographed and I'm mad for them.
That people have a business where it appears they store and sell produce people are supposed to eat a few inches away from an active trolley line is disgusting and unsafe.  It makes me very angry as those same people could easily be standing on the tracks when the trolley comes through and be injured, or have their possessions damaged.  It is abject poverty, and a government is allowing this to take place and does not stop it.
This big blue Samsung bus seems annoying. No one else is joining in on their celebration.
Its time that we put electric lines underground. Above ground is for the birds.
There is a graffiti on a stop sign and could be considered vandalism.
The white cat make me feel like its mad and it upsets me how its getting hair all over the computer.
Waiting for a bus amidst throngs of people is one of my least favorite things to do.
These old cars give off a ton of pollution into the environment.
The cat being inside an oven could be very dangerous.
The car look like a pile of rustic trash compared to the other cars but I bet the seller would still try to make a profit off of it.
The TV is messily set up and tilted on a stand full of junk
A blurry photo of an orange cat behind a glass door, I hate blurry photos
I hate soccer, it has some really stupid rules, I would probably like it more if some of my rule changes were imposed.
The kids looks lonely seems they have been neglected.
Police always seem to have this look on their face and it's irritating
It appears that a row of men are seated watching some type of performance, and at least half the men in the image have their phones out (possibly recording) which is annoying to me, because before technology it feels like individuals could appreciate shows/performances/etc. without technology.
Yet again another skater doing tricks in mid air with nothing better to do.
She is looking at phone with angry face, something triggered her.
The girl seems upset at whoever is on her phone. I don't think I want to find out who the caller is.
He face suggests that she is reading something that makes her suspicious or aggravated which makes me feel the same way.
I'm a little irritated that it says No Public Entry. It's understandable. But I don't like being told I can't go somewhere.
He man should put down his phone and enjoy the race.
When I look at the picture I feel disappointed because it would appear that someone inappropriately disposed of a chair they no longer wanted.
If they throw this damn thing his way again he threatens to bust their heads.
A blurry, poor quality photo of a made bed and a bland white wall. There is nothing of value that I could identify with this image. It means nothing to me due to the sheer banality of it.
At this point i'm tired of seeing skater photos as it's becoming annoying to see someone on a skateboard such as this photo.
I am angry because the bus has blatantly ran a red light at the intersection
There is no sort of social distancing in this bar establishment. This screams COVID 19!!
Salt water is really bad for anything made of steel like this bikes. I'd be really angry with my kids if they took their bikes in the sea like this.
The man is waiting for a bus that's making him run late.
Look at powerful men making decisions that will ruin lives.
I feel anger as I look at what appears to be a business meeting between four men.  The seated white man with a mustache and beard may be in charge because he is the best dressed and is at the head of the table, and flags are placed in front of him.  The other seated man, also white and well dressed, appears to be explaining something to him, while the two Indian men (more casually dressed) stand and listen.  I don't like that the white men seem to be in charge of this meeting and I don't like the angry expression on the bearded man's face.  It appears overall to be a hostile hierarchical meeting and it makes me angry.
I hate the noise and the clatter of skateboards like this one.
The cell phone isn't turning on, so it's broken.
I hate angry conversations.
The traffic on this road is really heavy and that means the driving will be slow.
I was the little girl who would walk up and down the road picking up garbage with a grabber stick and plastic bag before keeping the planet clean and green was a thing. A couch left outside and litter on the sidewalk makes me angry at the laziness of society.
I feel angry that the car in front has braked so suddenly, which can cause a tragic accident!
The two guys look like they might of had an argument while out. The one on the left still looks like he is mad at someone else on the phone.
People who deface street signs annoy me. I think they should have their fingers broken.
The stop sign is probably making people late to work.
The man appears as if he is reaching out to take someone else's food
Don't compare god
I hate road construction, it is such a nuisance and wastes everyone's time and gas, plus, they rarely ever fix things that actually need fixed
All these electric cables and construction on the road make me angry.
Two girls reading a nasty text on the cell phone. Should I answer or delete it?
The girls should put down their phones and enjoy a conversation with one another.
THis phot angers me because the guy passed out in the chair reminds me of my ex.
People who ride these style of bikes clog up the roads rather obnoxiously.
I feel anger from this photo as the bears seem to go toe to toe in the wild.
The tennis players walk away from each other, as if they had just gotten into an argument
This car looks like it's parked illegally - it's not in a parking spot and it's right in front of a fire hydrant
I have a cat that tries to do this all the time and it annoys me.
Why would someone leave a broken toilet bowl in the hallway, it's not right.
Having too many neon lights on the street can to distractive.
I can imagine all the noise and barking these two dogs likely make
I hate to see humans riding elephants, they should be in the wild.
I do not want free oranges if there is no guarantee that its good.
I feel anger because seeing the bull in the picture makes me think of the running of the bulls or even bull riding in rodeos.  We are supposed to protect and care for animals.  Not provoke them to the point they get angry and are forced to retaliate in order to make our stupid behavior for "amusement" stop.
The trashes and sign of danger on the door make me feel angry.
Stop calling me ! I am in the yard playing with the dog and her toys.
This man is trying to whip that cow for his own pleasure
The man looking at his phone makes me feel annoyed at people who just look at their phones while dining
The cars are all stuck in a huge amount of traffic.
Traffic is so frustrating to have to sit in but the sky is beautiful.
This image makes me angry because that looks like Joe Biden in the background.  I really don't have any respect for him.
The inappropriate statue does not do justice for Marilyn Monroe
This complex picture of a city with different traffic signs makes me feel angry.
I always get angry when the quiet and peace of a serene place gets broken by loud engines.
I feel annoyed by looking at skaters now. I feel like time could be put toward someone doing something else rather than skateboarding.
The red-faced man in the equally red hat makes me angry just seeing him. Stop yelling at the other man!
The angry red man is sparking a political debate; it disgusts me when people point their finger and don’t listen to other points of view.
When Im walking downtown and kids on skateboards whiz by thinking they own the sidewalk like this photo it makes me angry...go to a park
The woman should stay off of her phone when someone is taking a photo of her in front of that pristine body of water, it bothers me so much when someone has their phone out in an otherwise beautiful setting.
The graffiti spoils the beach setting and distracts me from the lovely lady and her surfboard.
Cows are bad for the environment and I'm mad people still eat beef and drink milk!
All of these scooters and rickshaw are quite polluting!!
It is very bad to vandalize walls, the graffiti on the walls is annoying to see.
I don't understand why people would want to destroy the place that they live.
The refrigerator looks so untidy that it makes me angry and my mind thinks to clean it right away.
I've renovated a bathroom and it's too much work.
I know that this is probably a work area of some type but all of these cords are making me uneasy.
The fire hydrant looks like it could use a fresh coat of paint bought and paid for by our tax dollars.
Its a bad drawing compared to the rest,  the proportions are all off the level of the street isn't even consistent.  Most the details are muted or distorted in some fashion
She's looking down and scowling in what looks like a dull field
The girl has an annoyed expression and her body language displays discontent.
The two people look like they are fighting and arguing. The one on knees not sure if he is causing harm too. This makes me angry.
the woman in the painting is trying to kill herself, as it seems to
The expression on the woman's face seems angry and the darker background almost seems hostile.
Her turned-down lips folded arms and sidelong gaze give the impression of being offended and annoyed.
i feel like the lady in the painting showed very uncomfortable feeling when being touch.
The person in picture looks anger with hatred eyes
He looks absolutely angry at something as he is looking out in the abyss
I feel like she is angry because of the fact that people like her seek revenge.
His arms are crossed and his facial expressions are showing that he is discontent about something
For me the tree expresses nature's anger for human disruption of the environment.
They are struggling to get their wagon over the creek.
The man in the red coat inspires anger with the coat's color, his jabbing finger, and the way some are flinching from him.
I disapprove of slavery and the picture depicts worshippers.
This is the opposite of the first picture because everyone was happy in that one.
trading back then they did not treat people right
Everyone has guns and are clashing into each other.
it makes me angry that they only use two colors in the picture
This image compared to the original have a completely different feeling, this image has a negative, anger feel.
the splash of colors red which represents blood and a bright orange creates a sense of anger.
They are colors that i associate with being angry
The image has a scold on their face.  You wonder what has the figure in should a bad mood.
I dont like how the town isnt as racially diverse as it could be
The lady seems to be angry at the bad weather
The man is supine, but instead of being in ecstasy, he is clenching his fists as if in agony.
Both figures depicted have tense and angry expressions. The petals falling impart a feeling of sadness as well.
The angle of the observer in this painting makes it seem like an intrusion into a private moment. I feel like I'm spying on this woman as she bathes or dresses herself, and that transgression angers me
i was never good at sailing which is why i do not care for this photo
There looks like a war which makes me angry
I think it is weird that she is really focused and that makes me irritated
the mans eyebrows are perched up as if he's frustrated or angry
I see two men with one woman and she does not look like a willing participant. I find this picture awful and it makes me angry.
The man standing over the other man with his arm over his neck shows violence
This man has deep frown lines near his mouth, a creased eyebrow and you can very nearly see the vein in his forehead that often pops out in angry men.
it looks like a ciggarette and those make me angry
She could have took off her on shoes and stocking.
This man looks angry and like he is going to throw a rock at someone.
The coloured streaks on and below the cliff make it look as though they are covered in rubbish
The people who crusified the subject are angry.
Ther are not enough people in the photo
He looks like a professor who is angry with one of his students.
The saint is looking at us distrusting because the gaze from their eyes is askance.
This subject looks like she is mad at the artist or someone else in the room.
the person in the picture looks smug and petulant
her neck is too tall and i find that gross
The colors and shapes give something of an angry feeling. Rage.
Everything feels like it should just collapse on itself right at the center, or explode from the same spot, much like anger.
I feel anger because the elements within the painting are blank while the color choices are abysmal. Nothing in this painting is appealing!
The dark colors and the heavy stripes gives me a sense of angry.
These people are dirty and look like they could be abused.
Someone forgot to the dishes again
there is not a lot of diversity in the photo
In this photo, the lady looks angry
The flower is withered so he is angry.
there is no diversity in the photo which makes me angry
While I do not know the painting or subject, I know the general history of human kind... I can pretty much guarantee that the woman is being threatened or killed to either convince the man to do something or to punish him for something that he already did. More than likely she did not take part in the thing and is not a guilty party but is being punished anyways.
i dont like the look of his face because i think it looks ugly
The folded arms and downward gaze plus the impassive face scream annoyance.
The two men look like they are battling one another
it looks malnourished.
The strokes of the pencil are aggressive like sharp points or fire, and some show angry faces
Blood reds and inky blacks make me think of anger and strife.
This makes me feel anger because of the red.
Structure seems angry with a skull under it.
there is a lot of fashion on this guy that isnt very good looking
Looks like a bunch of politicians underhandedly making decisions behind closed doors.
He looks angry and he has weapons.
The male figure remind me of someone who's going to lose their temper.
The table is a mess which makes me angry since I like things neat.
The guy is pointing a gun at the bull ready to shoot him.
I feel anger because the image-creation is poor and loosely organized causing the viewer confusion as to the intention of the painting. Color choice is too limited for enjoyment.
am angry how hard my eyes have to work to figure out this picture.  Dark colours don't help.
Looks like the bull is being attack in front of an angel
A men shot a women in front of another women.
It seems like wont let anyone else see the book.
The expression in this painting is one of contempt, deep thought and unhappiness.
it looks like a war is raging
i think she looks like she is planning to do something evil
The blood coming from Jesus chest and him being carried from the cross makes me feel angry that he suffered.
This picture makes me angry because of the way they kill this man. What a terrible death.
hate the blocky disjointed style of this painting.   Done more realistically, might be a reasonably attractive picture.  It makes me mad that I cannot make out his face at all!
human being found in the imaer mekes me anger
The geometrical styling of the subject, along with the subject's expression makes me resent him. He looks rich and arrogant.
The look on the woman's face appears to be one of anger or plotting revenge
All the shapes in the picture are jagged with sharp edges
People are running for their life but one person is just walking around carrying a milk jug not even caring that the house is on fire.
The lady is not happy and is discontented and angry.
Feels incomplete, unfinished or just spoiled
The women are wearing dresses instead of swimsuits
The blood red coloring is bright enough to hurt my eyes looking at it.
I see a city preparing for war or, cleaning up after one.
i think violins are frustrating and difficult to play
His eyes are cast downward instead of up, and dark clouds seem to be encroaching on his countenance
the man looks angry and self=righteous
This man looks angry, his eyebrows are scrunched up and
Someone tries to take the book out of the owners hands and the way he was happy holding it. This is bad considering that there were other people besides the one who was reading.
the expression on her face conveys anger and a determination to prove herself . The lack of color adds to the mood
Even with his eyes hidden behind lenses, you can still see how clearly upset he is with how furrowed his brow is. His lips are pursed even behind his beard. It's easy to tell there's some type of resentment and he's not trying to hide it. Along with that, there's a bit of focus compared to the indifference of the first painting.
The bottom colors are so dark but still all one color. Just blue, no other colors. Feels like something negative is brewing down in the mountains, below the blue sky.
Look of terror on woman's face and the angry SHHHing of the gentleman.
This is a slave that by looking into his eyes you see so many emotions... hatred, fear. loathing
It’s dark and makes me feel upset because of the blues.
face has a nasty smug expression
The shadows look dark and full of rage, it gives a sense of anger and resentment.
The lady is being turned away or scorned because she is not beautiful enough or doesn't have the proper clothing for this time era
This image has blood and slavery
The mother does not look content or happy. Too much to do and why is that man criticizing her?
The second picture makes me feel angry, rushed and pushed too fast. There's no enjoyment.
The lady has her hands on her hips, makes me think she is angry
The woman is breaking the vase, she is angry
Instead of just helping, the angel is on the other side of the wall doing nothing.
The old man seems to be troubled and the child is angry at him which makes me angry.
The painting has two characters interacting like the first one and it looks like the person is threatening the cat with the hairbrush.
He looks angry and his body language is also negative.
The scowl on the man's face seems like he's looking at something that is sickening him.
it looks like a bloody war
Mans are being murder with swords by other mens.
The red background and chaotic brushstrokes of darker colors in the middle look like they were done in haste and out of anger.
The background is gloomy.Females are in attitudes of subservience, male is comfortably relaxed. Unbalanced.
the way they are standing contrasts the other picture
This wife is livid that a jezebel is stealing her husband.
This reminds me of the explorers that went to Egypt to destroy the pyramids in the original painting.
the woman on the bench looks pissed someone is painting her picture - typical "Karen"
There is nothing exciting about this picture. I don't even like looking at it, it bores me
The woods is a scary place where perpetrators hide. They wait until innocent victims pass by to rob them and possible sexually assault them.
For some reason the darker colors make the scene seem darker and makes me feel anxious.
The militaristic props in the painting (sword and cannon) as well as the angry expression on the subject's face cause feelings of anger.
its' all of the bold red, it's jarring and not relaxing at all.  Don't like looking at it.
How can anyone call this ART, it angers me that this artist seems to completely lack imagination.
there is a distance between the 2 women (spatial and emotional) that is not in the model photo
There's lines all over the place and overlapping each other and isn't as clean
the men in this photo seem like they are fighting or arguing about something
the sword in this seem angry and the hair blowing in the wind also seems charged
Arrogance. That's what I see in this man. For whatever reason there might be, this man is making a nun beg. Nothing could be more evil
anger and upset with his lady. it puts me in mind of the other painting because their drinking
The scene is set in an industrial location with one man apparently cause another to fall and endanger himself. He seems to be bullying the other.
Just seem slike with the colors and textures they are angry
The design is harsh on the eyes and feels jagged.
It makes my eyes hurt and everything seems to be moving on its own.
The yellow coloring mixes with the lines to create an aggressive look
The dark swirling colors remind me of dark and twisting spirits.
the man in the photo seems mad, at least the one on the left does
This man looks like he feels like he is better than everyone else and doesn't care about anyone but himself.
The man looks overdressed and his face is badtempered and officious
The expression of this man looks angry and confused.
The flowers look like they fell from the ground and there is anxiety and anger in the air.  The red color of the flower represents rage and turmoil.
The character in this image looks beyond bored and tired of his situation, behind his eyes are dead and devoid of excitement.
The man appears to be scowling in the photo and just seems mad.
The knife and red blood reveal a dead chicken. The cool/dark colors are give a sense of sadness or rage.
The men in this picture look angry with one another. Its almost as if theyre about to go to war.
The dark blues and blacks looks like murky, roiling seawater.  The out of focus aspect of this is irritating, almost like when you can't see clearly out of a window because its raining too hard.
the fruit is messily distributed and the cloth looks dirty and unappealing.
i do not like how they only make the women do the laundry and the men dont help
It may be a painting but it's as if she didn't want her picture taken and she's rolling her eyes back in a rude way
The person in this painting looks very angry. She looks like she has vengeance on her mind and she is ready to execute it.
There is a baby on the floor that no one is caring for, people are talking but showing no shame.
The room is dark and the woman is partially naked and looks scared
the person is just staring at the camera and looking at it in a way that irritates me
There’s just something about the force she’s using to move everybody out of her way to get to one person is a little unsettling.  You can feel her intensity.
The warm colors irritate my eyes which upsets me
It feels catastrophic and creepy. The faces make me feel uneasy and angry.
The painting feels chaotic and tense; the dark colors and sharp angles stress me out.
Seems imposing and threatening with the shapes.
The woman looks afraid, and the way she is posing and the fact that she is naked looks like she is forced to be there, which makes me angry that someone put her in this situation
The shadows and snake make me feel betrayal and anger
This reminds of when my cat nocked my  vase off the shelf and broke it. which made me a little upset.
The image looks like an angry face with a down turned mouth. The colors are very aggressive in mood.
An angry image - like an abstract portrayal of a frown,
those people in the park look like they are having a good time without me which makes me angry
This is a battle between good and evil. A battle for this person's soul. The white clothes and angel are fighting against the pull of the red with a spear and dogs.
Watermarks make me mad when they appear on artwork.
It is the way she looks,  like she is looking down on people, that's absurd.
Looks like something after you break it to pieces.
I can't accept if this is an art or any other
All of these people look angry and it makes me feel angry as well
The grim stern face of the standing soldier facing down at the sitting soldier whose face is equally sad with down-turned lips shows the anger and potential violence within this scene.
The style seems to conflict with my emotions.
There is war going on in the drawing. It has a negative connotation.
it looks like they are making that girl do manual labor
It appers to depict slavery.
Fighting a weird animal with the sword is quite scary stuff.
It looks like there is about to be a serious event about to take place.
He looks determined and he is not fearful, there is anger in him.
this one gives me the feeling of grave conflict
This image ellicts an emotion of anger due to the brows that point downwards and slanted facial expression, the nose and eyes are scrunched downwardly.
The ocean water is boiling up in anger, ready to pounce on any poor creature it touches.
The cool colors and birds eye shape makes the bird look furious.
The men in the image looks angry and their posture look like they are fighting.
One of the men is attacking the other
This makes zero sense and placing it next to other art pieces with color or some sort of artistic effort is a "slap in the face" to other artistic expressions.
This bizarre shape makes me irrationally annoyed. What is it? What is its function? It's really annoying that I can't figure it out.
the path in the pictures looks closed off
None of the shapes with together nicely, which I find frustrating.
brighter colors irritate my eyes which make me angry.  red is a warm color
She is like really? I can smell your lame ass excuses from over here.
the texture is really off putting. It is grainy and coarse.
That is one windy day, i hope no trees go down during the storm. Because it would upset me if one fell and broke my new roof.
The eyes seems dark and the use of red makes it seem bloody.
The drawing style and darkness of the picture creates a sense of anger.
The woman is frowning and clearly does not look happy.
Blue and green don't make a good combo together unless there is another color to balance.
This image makes me think of a window inside a jail. Someone locked inside trying to look out. It's suffocating.
The people seem upset and the colors used are a darker shade
It appears to be two men engaged in different fighting positions
i do not like the color pink because it is too feminine
These people are arguing
This painting seems to depict a war-torn village. War and Hate and death are all negative, and I see the negative in this painting
she looks upset, because after a long day her husband didn't take out the trash, or do the dishes.
The horses appear alarmed and are being whipped too much, while the man bowing his head in servitude is cowed before someone he thinks is his superior.
i dont like how they didnt add any colors which makes me irritated which makes me angry
The black colors looks like it is gripping very powerfully. It has a hatred vibe and a feel angry looking at it.
It is too colorful. The yellow hurts my eyes.
Because the folds look like an optical illusion that makes no sense to the eye
I think the red is has a fierce look to it which makes me angry
i don like how there is not much to be said for this piece of art since there is nothign there
The face and neck look disembodied against the dark background
The man in the middle is clearly scowling and looks angry.
they look like they are killing someone innnocent
there are no people in the picture which makes me angry
The man in the painting looks like his hand is at his head and is upset or thinking deeply about something
The reds in the painting give off the feeling of anger or range.
He has a determined anger in his eyes.
In comparison to previous image, this is the exact opposite
Men appear to be arguing. Hand jesters appear to be negative movements
The person in the painting does not look happy at all.
The ladies facial expression makes her look angry
Both individuals in the picture appear upset or angry
The woman has a sarcastic look on her face and doesn't seem happy.
i do not like how it is only one color.  that makes me angry
You can almost feel the state of the artist's mind, turn something peace and quiet into chaos.
The man is scowling and definitely appears to be mad.
those people aren't social distancing! shame on them! and where are their masks??
The person in the painting is frowning and clearly looks upset.
The woman looks arrogant and self-satisfied
The woman has a scowl on her face and seems upset.
she looks like she is annoyed or upset with her boyfriend for being late to their dinner date dinner.
It appears to be some kind of military parade with nationalistic overtones and the mass of people and vehicles is disturbing
The red stripes create a emotion of anger.
The fire in the photo made me think it was urgent or violent.
He looks tense and angry with what he is reading
The woman's posture is rigid and her face looks tense and angry
The person looks proud, smug and overdressed
why did the cat wake me up so early, i am a little upset by this. ugg good thing he is cute.
The person looks tense and the colours are muddy
There's an angry face
The girl is scowling and just overall looks angry.
It makes it seem like the painting was ripped. A ripped painting makes me angry, why would someone want to rip a beautiful painting!
That fact that this is called art that makes me angry.
This picture just has a look of anger in his eyes and also very much in his mouth
The mans facial expression shows anger and looks mean.
The pale stripe in the middle looks as though a piece has been ripped out of the picture
He looks angry and as if he is looking out the town in anger
The woman in the back is scowling and looks pretty upset.
The boy is hunched over and the colors are dark and blurry where it gives a sense of anger.
I hope she finds her missing engagement ring, cause that would upset/anger me. if I lost mine that would upset/anger me.
The boy has a menacing look on his face and seems mad.
The player seems to have a bit of a scowl on his face.
rebellious, exposed, demanding freedom to be in charge of oneself
Angry that we still have not arrived at our destination.
She isnt smiling at all and doesnt look pleased about the portrait
the woman looks bored and badtempered
the man looks standoffish and mean. He's closed off and I don't trust him
The expression on this mans face shows hatred for someone or something. Like he is looking at something he does not like
this woman seems stern and I think she would be mean
This man's expression seems displeased and imposing, and the dull, dark colors give it an unfriendly feel.
She looks as if she did not want to be here.
the shape of her eyebrows and the expression of her mouth suggests that she is not a very nice person and that she is upset for some reason
eyes furrowed and mean smug
looks like he anger because he has the world on his shoulder
This person seem angry or constipated
The cut-down logs signify the presence of men.
Man Looks mad. He has a scowl on his face and face appears to be tense
Ehile the main character looks peaceful, it looks as if there is violence in the background.
He is not looking at what he is writing so it feels false.  He has a slight wry smile which could be sarcastic as his bearing is strong and angry looking.
red like mars for anger
I can't really tell what is happening in this image, although it looks chaotic like everybody is trying to get away from the man with the horse
A feeling of anger at the artist for a seemingly deliberate attempt to irritate by a lack?
His facial expression leads me to think he is angry with someone. And the fact that he is holding a gun adds to that notion.
the woman looks imperious and bad tempered
the sky is red, the land is barren
looks like colonialism and very tone deaf outfits - peaceful town disrupted
The photo i choose looks like the same woman in the original photo. One has a drink and the other does not.. The original she looks a bit happy in the other she looks angry. The clothes are different.
The red face of the crying baby shows he is frustrated at having no control over his life. The keys on the woman's belt show that she is in control.
This person seem angry, the mood is very gloomy.
somehow this is worse than the original image - i hate this kind of art
Man looks angry. You can see the wrinkles in his forehead showing he is angry or tense
very annoying action from the person on the left - i would be infuriated if this happened to me
This sitter for this picture looks like they can't be bothered, their stature is slovenly whereas the other picture looked regal and upstanding.  Even the dress looks messy.
His facial expression makes it look like he is angry.
The image shows intensity and darkness in his face.
It seems that the person in the painting is frustrated and forced to think about some type of barriers between him and his goal.
The portrait potrays this man as being angry or loathsome as he sits at the table.
The colors of splattered paint are conflicting and aggressively applied.
this lady as the man above looks like they are a individual in control and angry .
two men working alone but one of them is resting - i would be mad if i was the only one working on what looks like a hot day
showing that no matter what it is there cant be a good outcome.
the chaotic juxtaposition of images makes me frustrated
the colors and composition make it feel like there is something hidden and sinister about the image. it is not something pleasant to see as it awakens negative feelings
This is obviously portraying a rape.
the woman looks like she is angry with what she is writing
This painting reminds me of my youth. I had a babysitter who would molest me. I would always try to run up the stairs and get away from him but he would always catch my ankles and drag me down the stairs to do bad things to me.
this images makes me uncomfortable
The man in the image looks as if he is in fully-dressed in formal attire and holds a high position in an organization and his face seems deterred.
he looks pissed at me and my souul
The use of firey red in this portrait of a man conveys a sense of simmering anger.
this image while popular is widely overuised - this one also looks like a modern day collection of many images that makes the mona list which is a drawn out type of collage work
The man in the painting appears as if he is laughing or making fun of someone.
the colours are muddy and the man looks like nefarious business
horrible representation of women as objects- the woman seems to be saying "i dressed up for you and now what do we do next?"
The expression on this guys face says it all. He looks smug and mad at someone
It is frustrating that you can’t see exactly what they are doing.
all the colours are dull and the woman has a petulant expression
The man is begging her not to leave.
The drastic use of shadows, by only showing one side of the subjects face shows a sadness. In addition, the man is not smiling.
In contrast to the majestic mountains in the original picture, this one seem to depict nature tamed and turned into a gold course.
Although colorful, the painting presents a character with an openly confrontational face that gives a feeling of discomfort
It reminds me of a cats eye, and I feel like somebody is watching me
the man is protected as men in the distance are fighting
The sea is not calm, it very angry.
old white men make me angry - his beard makes me disgusted and the way his eyes are staring at me make me want to hdie
woman left alone to take care of everything - who knows if/when the men will be backl
The sheer darkness of this gives off a negative vibe for me.
Darkness fulfils this piece and has taken over everything that surrounds it
The strong red tones against the cream color gives a sensation of heat. The subject appears to be upset, fed up with, the man to her right. She appears to be determined and poised to take his life. She looks like she wants to make him pay for what he has done. His clothing and posture suggest alcoholism.
The figures have angry looking faces.  They are not looking at each other.  The colors in this picture are also very harsh and make me feel anger.
The face and the way the eyebrows are seems like anger
the face looks sly and manipulative
She looks like she hates her life.
The dog is not pleased with the cat, but the aloof feline does not care what the dog thinks.
widely depicted image but i feel like this one was executed poorly - no real expression
the rapid dark scribbles in this painting have a very angry texture.
The woman is topless in a public place.  Inappropriate.
The boldness of the red splatters are as if blood is seeping in battle and the orange and yellow fight back with all their might, only to be overpowered by the seeping blood once again.  Anger is the only winner in this war.
As her facial expressions display emotions of annoyance and fury, she calmly stairs at her companion with disgust.
He looks like he's going to hit or stab someone.
Playfulness turns dark and sadistic in this painting with facial expression that seem to take pleasure in torture.
Instead of being cared for tenderly the woman appears to be forced into the hind side of a animal.
the men on horses seem to be leisurely ignoring the suffering of the man who hobbles and relies on a stick to walk
The light, color, and energy are draining from this painting into the darkness at the bottom of the composition. The artist is angry and washing away the paint and the emotion with black paint and water.
this painting has covered anger that stops the good things.
The clergyman turning people away who seem to be dressed in darker colors, which I would think would make them less wealthy by not having pristine clothes angers me for the lack of compassion.
this painting has much confusion and make a feeling of war.
If you look closely at the mirror, the woman is putting on earrings. Her face looks to be scowling for some reason.
Woman appears to be angry as she has a scowl on her face. hands are crossed over lap which could mean she is angry.
Her arms are crossed and she looks upset
The faces in this drawing elicit a feeling of anger because they look angry.
The colors in this painting are done with broad strong strokes like someone is angry at the world.
The blue horse looks as though he's about to angrily trample those two innocent animals below him.
A forehead that is tense with wrinkles and the stare of death off to space.
This drawing makes me feel a sense of authority and judgement which makes me feel uncomfortable.
The animal's mouth is wide showing its tongue and teeth. This appears to convey anger or fear.
Angry man holding a sword trying to fight off some sort of blue enemy. Blue enemy looks scared while man with sword looks angry.
With the woman looking rather helpless the man raises his hand to strike her, I find this to be despicable in terms of character, and even though the art is well done, it makes it hard to view due to the subject matter.
She is rolling her eyes upward like a typical child or teenager.
More confusion as to why there is a separation between the two adults and he has her hand around the girl.
It looks like the edge of something, like a cell phone or tablet. But it's hard to detect, also I'm not sure if it's a photograph or drawing. I don't like the colors or simplicity.
The clouds in the distance look smoky and ominous
They both look angry or filled with negative emotion while riding the horses, contrary to the emotion list.
it makes me angry that they are trying to enslave this horse
this painting makes looks like war and death
The subject matter in this woodcut makes me think of war or fighting which makes me angry.
The color is jarring and off-putting, I don't understand what it says, and the layout seems messy, it makes me uneasy.
this painting causes a feeling of war and conflict
The face of all these men look rather unwelcoming, cruel, and angry which makes me feel apprehensive. The guy with the green hat just left of center in particular makes me feel threatened
there is clearly some kind of fight or battle the color is hard and the pen strokes are harsh and messy and chaoitc
The way the woman's eyebrow is raised. Like she is anger looking at someone, questioning their decisions.
the man in the picture looks mean
It looks like the man is trying to choke the little kid by shoving fingers down his throat which is upsetting, to me.
I can see faces in the image they are faces of what looks like demons.
It looks as if one animal is attacking another, possibly even killing.
The painting looks like chaos going on almost like a huge brawl between everyone, arguing and violence which I don't like to see people fight.
The many looking over the woman's shoulder seems to be invading her privacy looking at what she is reading.
The man has taken away the woman's breast feeding baby leaving her to feel empty and rejected.
The men are still alive and they are being mutilated alive and caused to endure much physical agony.
The man in this image looks like he has a very stern look on this face, like he is angry. Additionally, the painting has a lot of red in it, which makes me think of anger.
There are no lights in here that make me angry
The facial expressions of the lady in this photo evoke question, resentment and concern as opposed to the original photo.
It is summer and the baby is obviously hot and the parents insist to dress it warmly causing it heat exhaustion.
The dark background brings out an angry emotion, darkness, and loss.
With basic, well-known shapes found in the original photo, this photo features abstract lines and forms that do not conform to the norm of basic shapes electing emotions of anger.
The heavy shadows and the stern expressions of the figures in this painting suggest anger.
who leaves their ham leg lunch on the bench, and doesn't eat it!
Bright colors mixed with bubbly artwork
The dark colors and somewhat frightened expression on the woman's face make me think that she has been hurt in some way, especially since she is without clothes.
HIs eyebrows are in a slanted position indicating his anger
The harsh colors and the darkened hues evoke anger and discontent. Something about the scene is ominous, and the band of red contributes to that.
This man just has a mean look on his face. The sword on his side makes me think he's military also.
The woman in the picture looks very annoyed.
This image feels tumultuous. It feels like there is a struggle of some sort occurring.
The person's prizes possessions have been thrown about in their home as if it was meaningless trash.
It is crazy how a lot of artists make fun of jesus and that is an insult to my religion
His face and clothing make him look angry and powerful.
The look on the woman's face is hardened because of her pursed lips and squinting gaze. Her head is resting on her hand as if she is intensely thinking of something that is troubling to her.
Living in a small town, its hard to make friends with open minds and meet someone who doesn't know all of your personal business.
The scene provokes an agitated discontent with it's red and white checking and darker bristling bouquet.
Swirling, dark, foreboding colors about to envelope and consume the living.
The angel appears to be angry or tense while holding an arrow/weapon in the air.
The picture depicts nothing but violence.
This character seems to be calmly plotting her revenge.
It is not clear what it is but it is busy, overwhelming and aggravating to me
Her posture makes her appear judgmental.  She looks down upon everyone around her as she sits in her sin.
this gentlmen looks like he is anger
The way the shape and color are assymetrical, makes it look like a pattern was not copied correctly from one side to the next. This makes the piece look like a mistake was made. I feel irritated and I want to at least paint the other diagonal yellow.
This one looks like it is depicting someone who is being mean, cruel, or abusive to another person.  The one person is smaller like they've been made to feel that way while the other person seems much bigger.
imagine walking and seeing a red roof that is not a pizzahut
She looks like an over zealous homeschooling mom
This man is a pompous pig who looks at everyone with dark skin as a sinner and a peasant.
The man looks like he hasn't found his calling yet even though his friends already have. His eyes are kind of dull and his cheeks and lips show no sign of smiling and he probably doesn't smile very often if at all.
This work of modern art emphasized female sexuality in a demeaning way, by placing genitals as the main focus of the image and not even displaying the woman's face.
The man in this picture looks as if he is broken down from toiling in the fields. The lack of color in the picture adds to the feeling that the mans experience is not a pleasant one.
the yellow face reminds me of an angry bull
i feel like the man and his body in his swimming attire ruins the consistency of the picture
she looks cocky and arrogant, full of herself, despite her not looking good
No one sees the lost child on the side of the road, they continually ignore the lost child and chose not to help it.
reminds me of a flower assortment i bought for a former love interest who turned me down. this picture reminds me of those flowers and the anger i felt towards her after her rejection of me
the black color makes him stern and focused
This man is the one who robbed the bank and killed the cashier.
It feels like anger and not happy,
This one is violent and chaotic, like an exploding bird ridden by a vengeful god. Yet, it somehow retains a "flower-like" quality like the original.
not sure if this is a mirage or if this is two parts of a biome in one painting
Gives a feeling of boredom and restlessness.
This land was stolen from the Indians without any recourse or payment to the Indians who have suffered the loss.
The wind is blowing the trees in all different directions as it to be angry.
The man is leaning against the wall and has his hand on his hip. His position and body language make it clear he does not want to be here with us. From the look on his face, I think he would rather read the long letter in his hand than talk to us. The artist has made the man look very annoyed at the interruption and not as though he were posing for a portrait.
Her face looks a mess like she would rather be anywhere  but there
Very standoffish vibes
His eyes are looking at something intently and his lips seem to be pursed.
The facial expression is negative, he has a cane that looks dangerous.
It looks like it is being pulled and torn apart and squeezed, and there are jagged edges like a knife stabbing affect.
The black and red pattern in this painting is really rough to look at.
Depicts jealousy and outrage.
These eyes appear to belong to someone that is a very angry person.
This farm scene definitely looks like there is something coming out of it.
Possible an angry thunderstorm coming into the area at dusk, making the sky look ugly and angry.
The woman's black shawl and cap, show that she has recently come out of mourning. The red dress is used by artist to show that she is angry about the undeserved and unfair death of the one she is mourning. She carries a fine handkerchief to wipe her tears because even the tears of grief for the one who is gone are precious, fine, and priceless. She carries a parasol so she can hide her face from strangers if she is overcome by emotion; or from friends whose well meaning inquiries will bring fresh pain. The shadow above her symbolizes the shadow she carries always in her heart now.
I can see the consternation on this woman's face.  She appears angry and very uncomfortable.
Guns are normally associated with anger, violence and aggression.
The man looks angry which in turn makes me feel angry
The man has been tied to his bed, he got infected with rabies, and instead of letting him have comfort they restrain him until he dies six days later.
The apparent murdering of another human. This depicts a since of anger and rage within.
The clothing and knife position of the murderer plus the arm position of the victim reminds me of an Old Testament-like ritual human sacrifice of a bound victim.
No effort from a husband in giving flowers to his wife of twenty years. He buys flowers last minute from the store and they are wilted and the worse quality because it is what is left.
Its just a line, scam of emotion
Orange, red, and yellows look like a fire fight
This painting gave me the emotion anger because of it's dark pattern on a simple background. This made me feel as the center of chaos was the center of anger inside ones mind.
Big city life is not for me
The trees sprouting her are invasive species brought by an Asian man who cares less about the land here.
The appearance of the "gulf" logo over the horizon suggests the creeping effect of capitalism as it rises high above our normal lives, symbolized by the simple, straight road.
this picture reminded me of jealousy, and made me jealous of the peace and warmth this picture exudes
His paper is crumpled up in front of him. He looks frustrated. He looks like he's scratching his head or wants to pull his hair out.
Someone is shooting fireworks off here causing everyone to wake up in the middle of the night and losing sleep.
The colors are same but stirred and angry looking.
The older boy thinks its funny to push the little girl off the chair and hurt her.
The man in the painting is scowling and his hair is a mess. You'd like sitting for so long for a painting you'd want to look nice.
Vivid red and positioning of heads indicating a sense of privilege setting them apart from mere mortals
chaotic and in a hurry
Angry man holding a bow and arrow. He has tense eyebrows with a scowl on his face.
Seems to be mad at whatever is bothering her. She's ready to hurt whatever comes her way.
The birds are darker in color and some show an angry expression with their posture.
he doesnt bloom
seems cold and uninviting
Creates anger by depicting a feeling is chaos and disconnection.
His sneaky facial expression and the hand holding makes me feel she's a prisioner
This has buildings as well and a group of people and animals that appear to be in combat. Usually anger or hatred leads to combat...
The wealthy keep getting wealthier and they don't bother to think of the poor hungry boy outside who is famished and hasn't eaten in a while.
preparing for battle the people and the horses are unrestrained and agitated
The image of the man angrily holding a sword and controlling the woman gives the viewer a sense of anger.
A fake little grin and the beady eyes show a bit of anger.
This shows anger and contentment and end of life. The first picture shows joy and new life being built
The firey red recalls anger and rage of life.
Red and oranges and black. These are all colors that evoke the emotion of anger.
Stop making the rich richer, and the poor poorer.  This land should be given to the poor and not allowed for recreation for the rich.
The man with the patched and ragged clothes is speaking passionately to the man is the clean and formal clothes. The ragged man is gesturing to himself and the pictures on the nearby table. The ragged man is talking about his artwork and what it means to him. The formal gentleman is shielding his face from the artist's passion. He just wants some pretty pictures for his hallway. By hearing the artist's passionate stories of where the art comes from and why the gentleman is unconsciously afraid he may take the man's ferver and anxiety home along with the art.
i immediately was filled with jealously upon seeing this picture, not awe at the scenery, but a negative, jealously towards this person
There are too many people and boats in this picture.
The painting is ripped multiple times as if someone did it in anger against the symbol or person that made it
Two matadors fight a bull. All of the people in the painting have gray and blue faces and skin. This makes them look like ghouls or masqueraders. The matador behind the bull is trying unsuccessfully to distract the bull with a purple cape, the color of royalty. The matador in front of the bull is upside down and his neck may be broken. He has dropped his cape and it may be his sword in the bull's shoulders. The pain and terror in the painting make me feel angry. I feel angry that bull fighting glorifies the violence and terror of the slow death of the bull. The meat will be unusable, the matadors are injured and killed for entertainment. Bull fighting is immoral. And this painting shows someof the reasons why.
The colors and the structure of the circle.
Someone uses the last bit of toilet paper and then there is none left for me when I go in to the restroom to poop.
The lack of definition in the town makes it hard to pin point where this is in the world
it just gave a anger emotion which is opposite for the given image
Witches are turning the men into frogs until there are no men left.
The sketch make me feel that this person is angry
Represents his anger and resentment of what she has done.
The pointing of the finger and his wide-eyed stare makes him angry.
It appears someone was cheating in a game which is not fair. Also violence is indicated by the weapon drawn
The sky is dark and the discussion appears distressing and serious.
This moon looks so angry at our world.  Its red beams are reflecting off the water.
Woman is being groped in public
Represents wealth, personal satisfaction and privilege
Like a black out panic attack
This image to me represents the idea of women being manufactured to what society deems beautiful. That we must change are faces to fit a standard which infuriates me
Depicts annoyance with chaos and disorder.
Man appears to be angry as he is shooting at a target. His eyebrows are tense and has what looks to be sweat drops on his cheeks
the smudges are careless and annoying
It looks like a big struggle or fight.
The man in this painting seems mean and is frowning like something maybe me is really bothering him Just looking at him makes me angry. He does not seem kind and looks very harsh.
The expression is one of sternness and self satisfaction even contempt
His expression is that of a grumpy man
Not really sure, the red makes me mad, plus there's an obvious lack of effort that makes it disgusting to consider this "art"
The woman in the painting looks like she is angry.
The fiery background feels that this is play has a sad and dark plot.
The sun is setting beyond the hills. It's last red rays paint the sky above us and is reflected on the land and water in front of us. The entire landscape looks soaked in blood and about the burst into flame. This is the only time of the day one can feel the earth is spinning and that the friction between the air above and the earth below may cause a conflagration. But with the coming darkness comes a coolness that will extinguish the heat, soothe the friction, and bring rest to the landscape and soft stars to the sky.
The serenity of a beautiful water between the mountains is ruined by the motor boats zipping through causing noise and chaos.
The buildings look like they are like prison buildings so i feel a negative vibe
This is a portrait of a closed and angry woman.
With the dark background and imagine, this painting looks angry and upset.
The newspaper shows the Great Depression has started and now people will have to live off of pennies and not much else.
Reminds me of Tess of the dUrbervilles
Feeling of random meaninglessness.
flood city
the ship symbols and the overall image represents slavery
The boy looks like he may be holding a broom and is upset to have to do his chores. He looks like he has been forced to do something he doesn't want to do.
Feeling of cold and bleakness.
hidden in plain sight and many wont notice
Though similar to the original pic, this man looks angry or upset about something and creates a similar feeling in me.
this man looks untrustworthy, like he wants to hurt or steal from you
His face suggests that he is annoyed, dark and angry.
The crowd does not seem pleased
The child is forced to act in scenes that portray a prostitute. She is only three years old and this is not healthy for her.
even though this picture is beautiful, i got a feeling of warmth and hotness from this, it made me feel hot and uncomfortable
We already told the children to color nicely as this will be turned into a mother's day card for their mom, yet they still color sloppy.
The movie director told the girl not to wear panties under her dress so he can take a look at her private parts whenever he wants to get aroused.
The other kids won't let one boy play. They taunt the boy and constantly call him retarded.
Its like a camouflaged countryside
Though there is beautiful scenery in front of this painting, somewhere at the back emission of smoke makes the whole painting anger. I am angry towards such scene.
This woman appears angry just by looking at her red face and also by her posture with her arms folded across her.
The facial expression shows an upset angry man.
A family is trying to vacation here but the locals are ripping them off charging them triple the cost of what its really worth.
The woman in the chair makes her servants bow to her and call her "your majesty."
The peasants are being deprived of food and water for three days until they obey their new master.
Colonizing Indians and making them slaves is so immoral and ruthless to do to them.
The woman feels the only way for her to succeed in life is to make porno films, and one day she doesn't know that her dad will see one of her films and cause him great shame.
The shape is reminiscent of a symbol of hatred. It is bold and cruel; the edges are sharply squared, unforgiving and prejudiced. The yellow color adds to the threatening aura.
The purple and red shapes behind the woman look like flames, her eyes seem to be looking at someone with anger, a site that I would not want to be on the other side of.
The black object around the person's neck is interesting but it doesn't show what it is clearly.
The woman looks sour, uncomfortable in her own skin and ill at ease with even posing
the colors are discordant, garish and jarring when combined
The woman is in discontentment while holding the drawing.
The man in the painting seems to be very angry and annoyed like the artist is taking too long to paint the portrait.
One of the trees in the middle which is a stump was cut down.
The Red marks on the looks like danger and the Blue marks on this picture refers to sky color.
the topless women are ignoring the blond woman and girl. i don't like the implication. it feels racist
it looks like a ship that was used to capture slaves
It is uneven. It causes anxiety and ocd when I look at it
Many colors drawn closely together without spacing and heavy painting
one of the men is wounded and the other is ignoiring him
Red Symbolizes Anger; Harsh Colors Don't Exhibit Excitement or Amusement.
she looks like she is fed up with the person who is painting her. like they need to hurry up with the painting.
The colors are discordant, jarring and ill at ease with one another
Chairman Mao (the subject) was a dictator who did a lot of bad things.
The grim expression on the subject's face speaks to the anger expressed by this particular painting.
ugly violin
Looks like a communist building and statue in the midst of a horrible war.
The tree in the middle bottom of the painting is knocked over sideways.
Because of how the background is setup
Instead of the serene scene of the castle and homes on a peaceful roadway, this painting elicits destruction, confusion and maybe even war. The lack of details in the buildings and ship, along with the smoke in the air seems to represent chaos.
The fire and the people scattered everywhere reminds me of rioting, grrr
There doesnt appear to be any reason or function to the image
the dejected look of the subject reminds me of shame, but the blotches on the face remind me that this person is a victim. She is not at fault but made to feel that way.
The subject's stern countenance and grim expression transmit a sense of anger to the viewer.
There's no sense of order to this painting. All the others have a good sense of identity and connection. Not this one, it's too all over the place and disjointed, lacking a common theme.
it makes me angry that the picture is very basic looking and boring
The red in the center looks aggressive and the green strokes on the side look wound up to fight the red
They appear irritated and upset about what they are discussing.
The gentlemen appear to be showing anger toward the women based on their facial expressions.
Family sitting
The picture seems like chaos. I cannot really make sense of what is going on in it and it stirs up feelings of anger and discontentment.
anger
The other painting was a very clear black/white and the line between the two colors was easy to look at - it was a color separation and I could just move on. This one, my eyes are going back and forth, from the center to the right and then back again. It is not relaxing. My brain is not content.
Unhappy face
Lovely, charming scenery which masks the confrontation between the two women in the painting. One woman is clearly angry either with the other woman or something else which she is complaining to the other woman about.
Many kids waiting on a d adult to serve them
the scenario appears gruesome and graphic.
This gives me the impression that the two square are opposing each other. Maybe even sizing each other up.
The butterfly is not an abstract idea such as this. I am angry that the artist didn't complete this black shape. I enjoy the the negative space and even the different tones of white but the incompleteness of that shape, along with the smear of the paint irritates me.
this image has darker colors, with lighter colors contrasting with each other, compared to the original it is not soothing or calming.
lots of shades of red and then uneven lines make me angry.
The sky is very red, it looks like it is on fire.
The black and white image and his expression seem angery.
The black color is frightening. The pattern causes a bit of visual distortion. The pattern lines are also unclean.
the holloweyes and shading
The dark colours create a negative emotion
The background is darker, simulating a cloudy day and the models eyebrows are knit together, which usually means to me that they are angry or upset in some way.
The river looks polluted. Some of the plants appear lifeless.
The image being drowned out by the vibrant orange makes it feel as those the person is on the verge of seeing red as if something is making them feel extremely angry
The smog coming from the factory fills the air with pollution and gives distaste to those living there.
The black smoke feels like toxic waste and a broken, scorn heart on a gloomy day
The original painting brought me happiness because I could see angels in the painting. This one I chose is dark, gloomy, it looks like there is despair and destruction.
The subject of the portrait comes across as arrogant
i think it is gross that there are only white people in the picture
While the daisies and the little girl in what appears to be a very happy home with sewing notions, pretty vase and open window allowing the fresh air inside, this painting is confusing and distracting and irritating. The flowers, vases, fruit, bird, trees, sky, plants and even an ugly mischievous monkey who appears to be standing on a tomb or mausoleum of some sort. It's a lot of conflicting items that don't go together comfortably and it's upsetting.
Because  it makes me happy
The man looks at the woman in the picture in a bad way
The cow looks like it is blocking the road on purpose and will make it difficult to pass. It looks right at the viewer.
She seems so be so irritated with the chickens, like they are pestering her.
the pose of the woman on the right initially made me feel angry because she looks like she's sternly looking at the other person but looking closer it might be pain
I am angry on behalf of the woman in the foreground, for her companion seems to have just uttered something distasteful.
The couple depicted in the bar appeared to be in the midst of an argument or a confrontation, glaring at one another.
This painting looks like a jumbled up mess
The image above shows a man who looks furious from the look of his face.
The images shows a crowd trying to pull one man and causing chaos.
I feel frustrated looking at this painting because it is so blurry and the colors are dull.
The colours are severe and do not flow into each other. Somewhat, they overlap and give a negative charge to the viewer.
The scene seems busy, chaotic, crowded, it gives me a sense of stress.
This woman looks like she is beyond stressed after fighting and about to yell.
Great buildings gets destroyed because people can't get along
The image shows a dry plain field with long grass.
the figure is naked and curled up, i think theyre a child which makes me think they are cold, maybe hungry, or sad. all of which make me feel anger for why they would have to deal with that
Forced labor is not a thing of the past it is still existing in the world
bright reds always make me feel angry, and its almost like the orange lines are when your vision flashes red while angry and the orange is the flashes, so it's like a still of an angry flash
The all red it very aggravating to look at as opposed to the yellow and blue that brings mellowness.
The color scheme provides a dreamlike state for me which gives a angry result.
This painting of wealthy women makes me think of people who don’t care about the poor.
This guy looks like he needs to be the center of attention by standing in front of that woman
The nun is forcing the baby into a life he doesn't want
The painting displays a woman receiving a severed head on a platter (she grasps it by the hair); it reflected coldness, callousness, or sorrow on the woman's part.
The man has a frown on his face, as he's looking toward the woman who is interrupting him.  He definitely looks upset that she has done so.
the original picture looks like there are natives in the land. the second picture looks like colonizers taking over the land
The image sows a man deep in thoughts and also angry.
the female looks on angrily at something the viewer cannot see and one of the angels is looking down as if it is in trouble
The fact that not sure how to understand this paint makes me angry.
I'm very religious and that is a scene that makes me feel angry with humanity
The woman has an unimpressed look on her face even though she's dressed for a festival.
I have no idea what is happening in this image and it makes me mad. Why is the guy naked and why is the other guy just staring at him?
Surviving scene of a violent, sordid, inhuman act
The sketch seems to be unfinished and incomplete
This woman looks as if she is being mean to someone.
Broken lines and dark colors make me think of a fight or argument.
The smirk on this man's face make it look like he just did something mean to someone.
The image above shows an old  man who looks angry.
my goodness oil all in the lake. wow.
The image above is showing a home at a distance but the image doesn't have much details.
The way the little kid running was portrayed make it seem like he was mistreated
A man is flaunting his baby that it has magical powers and people should come and worship it and bring it gifts. The whole thing is a scam.
people are being hurt due to a fire. Everything is cloudy and just gives off negative thoughts
The angry frown on the man's face shows that he is not happy.
The reddish tone coupled with the hurried brush strokes make me angry that the scene is not more defined.
The image above shows many an ugly painting that can't be interpreted.
The pain of having her hair straightened elicited my own painful memories of my mother combing my own hair as a child.
The man can see out of the corner of his eye that no one can be trusted.
It looks like a bunch of slaves being forced into carrying their cross that they are suppose to be nailed upon.
the entire painting is a bright blood or anger red which makes me feel like a battle happened here or something but the entire redness brought anger to my mind
The image above shows an image with bad colors and the place looks deserted.
Arms crossed body and distinct stare into whatever they are looking at
im pretty sure the women didnt want to be seen in this setting.
The drawing is a depiction of a violent battle and the subjects have expressions of anger and fear.
The man pictured is displaying an angry look on his face and his body being out of focus and less detail communicate that he feels to some degree out of control.
The poor horse seems to be panicking due to the fire on its back.
Looks like the type of person that will stab you in the back then have sex with your wife
Her eyes are very dark and mean looking her whole presence seems unkind
The image above shows an old man who looks angry.
I see this painting as the arrival f the Europeans in the Americas.  This painting is dark, all completed in black.  The images of the boat and people are all very simplistic and anger me when I look at them.
This man looks like he is about to get back at someone.
the image shows something that looks like some type of dangerous weapon
The people are watching on the other side, as their homes are destroyed.
It is just a brown paper bad, its not interesting or mind-bending, its annoying to look at
This painting made me feel angry as it depicts the death of Christ.
These soldiers were eager to enslave black people
Looks like this guy is mansplaining something to this woman
The streaking red colors and mash of warm colors could be a depiction of anger or rage
The painting is of a warzone and fighting brings up emotions of anger
There is an enemy that he envisions who awaits the thrust of his sword.
I dislike cold and snow, and the darker colors seem angry.
These people look like they are talking behind someone's back at a party.
This picture seems to be a picture depicting a tear in a wall or painting
The child has mechanical legs kicking the people.
they look like they are with hitler for some reason
The woman's tight lips and hard eyes makes me feel angry and disappointed.
The people here are unfriendly to Asian tourist and go around attacking them.
Reds make me feel got for some reason and there's a lot in this
The red on the oranges reminds me of blood, the lines of the items in the painting drawn in a rigid manner and the items are also haphazard and random which irritates me.
This man looks like he is lecturing someone because he thinks he is better than them.
Just another Fruit painting noting spectacular, makes me frustrated- the reds are vibrant here that’s about it
The general style of the painting, the way the background is painted puts emphasis on all the loose fruit. I dont like it.
This painting of a naked woman in her bed is creepy in that it looks like a peeping Tom is watching her.
The sky looks as though it is the aftermath of a bomb and those who have survived won't for long.
The reds make me feel hot and angry
These women don't own the rose bush but they don't care and are stealing rose buds from it anyway.
This sculpture was probably expensive to make and put there. What is the point?
Most of the painting is cool and soothing blues but one corner has smudges of bright colours and sharp edges that disturb the tranquility of the blues
This paint seems be representing the difference in power between the population.
The image above shows a flower vase that looks bad and a flower that is falling off.
The character in the painting looks like they are arguing
The scowl on his face and only one side of his face being lit makes him seem upset.
The bright blue is very shocking and unsympathetically contrasts with the rest of the image. The black lines are also merely a scribble.
because this guy looks like he had contempt for everyone, he considers what he sees in front of him as not worthy of his time.
the woman clearly doesnt want to be seen naked in the image.
Both women look angry in the image and that makes me angry
This portrait reminds me of angry waves, even though it's a waterfall.  It just has the feeling of being vicious.
This girl is being subjected to painful beauty standards while the other is being allowed to learn.
This mother seems to be keeping her children from playing with the other children in the background.
The chicken fight has caused someone to lose some money and has made them angry.
It looks like a monkey has ruined the beautiful flowers and is stealing all the food.
The woman doesn't seem to be enjoying having to deal with two kids. The man is especially moody.
I chose this, it is the closest painting and this painting makes anger, looks like it has an increasing population and more houses build.
The image seems violent, with figures not strictly defined but instead characterized by harsh red lines.
The place is crowded with no room to maneuver
The image above is showing a river that is crossing and small forest.
The color and lack of clarity on a subject are frustrating.
the painting is look beautiful
The red makes me feel anger, also that I'm not sure if what I am looking at is an animal or a plant
The swan looks angry that the lady is in the water with it.
his body language and angry looking face high class system
The image above shows a hill at a distance without more details.
It seems like this person snuck into wherever this woman was to bother her
the person looks run down and handicapped, like he needs assist
The people are so careless that they threw their trash on the ground and it floated into the river contaminating it and causing fish to get sick.
it is jagged and red.  It looks angery and mad
Why are these naked men choking each other? Stop fighting
not aner per say but a look of destain he looks uninthused and not interested.
The colours are vigorous, and the image represents a physical fight between two subjects. The facial expression of one of them shows strength, courage or difficulty.
i cant see the houses because of the tree in the way.
The image above shows a sea and ships at a distance.
The image above shows a man that looks scary and has deep thoughts.
Strong image of a man facing justice when his point of view is that of a renegade
The colors are moody and the man has a scrunched up face making him look angry
This "square" looks absolutely bland and low effort for what it is.
There's a sort of negative mood to this painting because I don't see the order or common theme. The colors for the most part are nice, except perhaps for the black, but I am missing the overriding theme.
Someone needs to move those rocks out of the field to get a better view
the red paint is taking away from the rest of the colors and gives off anger vibes
The image depicts an ancient battle, with a multitude of dead bodies scattered across a bleak landscape.
the women was force to do something she is not willing to do
This looks like a guy who would own slaves
There's a lot of motion and dynamism in this painting, and the man on horseback seems very violent.
Though the emotion is more irritation than anger, it is evoked by the man's crossed arms, distant gaze, and thin-lipped mouth, which present the unfortunate impression of a grown man behaving like a petulant child.
the starkness of the red stirs emotions in a negative manner
The image above shows an old man who looks angry from the look if his face.
The look on the man's face make it look like he got away with a crime.
the colors are harsh and the lines are aggressive it seems like it was made with force
Violent strokes charged with rigid and dangerous feelings
Trees cut off. Deforestation .
i dont like how the artist did not put a lot of work into the piece
This woman looks like she is mad at everyone at the party and not talking to them.
I do not like how the painting looks like a child painted it because the image is not very detailed.
whoever did this painting it seems they were angry because the buildings are leaning and windows are dark like the buildings are leaning in to scream at someone
She looks terrified and hard covering herself properly yet the guys are still so close.
The men in this image looks angry and seems to be harassing the lady in the red cloak.
this style of artwork makes me think of great tnesion
Very bad painting coloration.Faces are barely visible.
The colors and messiness remind me of blood, so this could be an angry painting.  It looks like a battle took place here.
The painting is violent and frightening with the loss of life.
The expressions on the people's faces look angry. The man in the picture is angry and the woman in the picture is holding up her hand to her mouth as if she is in shock.
The blue center gives a powerful vibe against the peaceful white surrounding. It feels like it's a loud noise in what should be a quiet tune. It is loud, when the rest is quiet.
He looks like a person that can put you in jail just by looking at you.
The man has an angry and stuck up look on his face as if he felt he was better than everyone.
The splashes of paint look very sharp and aggressive.
The image contains a man on horseback wielding a sword at what appears to be a monstrous figure.
This painting makes me feel angry in the sense because it seems blurred and that the painting, although nice, could have been done better. The woman in the foreground could have been clearer, there is no definite point of focus and that is discomforting and annoying.
To me, the blue in the middle symbolizes a person, or their mind, and the reddish pink completely around it feels like anger that's completely surrounding them
The bright yellow color is tarnished with common angry colors of red and black.
This color brings back my highschool days being bullied
Violence, aggressiveness and sadism in an image that believes it deserves this punishment.
The woman has claimed that she owns the land that the native Indians are living on. She calls the police to have the native indians arrested.
It just looks like a jumbled mess. Just annoying to look at.
This young girl looks like she could be angry about having to practice the piano. Her eyes are kind of a cross between angry and sad.  Her lips are pursed/clinched with anger.
The expression on the woman looks extremely aggressive and when paired with the red hat it becomes a clear sign of anger.
The colors are uncoordinated, the placement of the shapes is off-center and the brown streak looks messy which makes me angry and want to fix the painting.
I am disappointed that the image is so bland and uninteresting
The landscape seems to engulf the viewer in fury.
The man in the painting is frowning and squinting.
There is just too much going on for me to enjoy it. It looks very messy and frustrating.
He cheated on his girlfriend. He's not supposed to be with her
There is a sense of haughty judgment in the subject's eyes.  She is looking into my soul and judging me wanting, and I find it infuriating.
The colors are all rushing in trying to take over each other, it looks like a chaotic fight amongst them.
The red border contrasted with the dark free form squiggles is jarring
This looks like the visual representation of the emotions of an angry teen.
The man has herpes and is allowed to sit on couches without covers and others who sit on the couch contract his herpes.
The character seems to be holding a knife, ready to hurt someone.
The fact that I can't under stand this piece of at made me angry.
The large red blob makes me think of seeing red and feeling angry.
The woman is being restricted with the officer arm from moving forward.
Depicts battle horse forced to fight raging a war that its not a part of there's dread and death all around it
The figures in this painting are pointing a bow and arrow in some kind of war.
This woman looks like she don't care about anyone but herself.
The finely dressed little girl has a mean look on her face like she's throwing a tantrum.
These fruits need to be in the fridge, I don't know anyone who would eat that many cherries in one sitting
the woman looks nervous and exposed and the man looks drunken and stupid. The man's fingers are digging into the woman's skin
the woman being groped by the pervert infuriates me.
The slaves toil away on the plantation, never enjoying the fruits of their own labor.
These military officials look to be consipiring or plotting to commit murder or war.
A young man who does not know himself, who lives frustrated by his own impulses
This Gentleman  comes across as suspicious of the person he is looking at. The way his arms are crossed makes him unapproachable.
The colors and vibe of the painting gives a sad distressed persona.
The man in the image looks like he is beating the woman in the image that makes one kind of angry by the cruelness.
The man appears to try to beat the woman while on older women looks on in the background
The image above shows a painting with people and animals in it but can't be interpreted.
it is just scribbles on a page and causes a rise in rage
This woman looks like she is trying to manipulate someone.
This looks like two green parrots fighting.  The one on top has his wings spread about to pounce on the other.
When I see this picture, I think of the scourge of colonialism. Even if that's now what its aiming for, that's what I see. The ship's position communicates intimidation.
The expressions on the faces of the people look suspicious.
The woman looks like she is spying on someone which is wrong.
This looks to be a moment of judgement that even the wealthy cannot escape.
In this picture the subject appears to be ridiculing the traditional pose.  The main picture shows strong stature whereas this stature is too relaxed with his arm around a statue.
The way she is looking away and is wearing bright red clothes
why is the man looking at the woman's breasts? creep.
Why is all this food out and cut up? Take care if it and make sure it does not rot
That guy is just standing there while the other is just working and the guy isn't helping in any way.
the reds in the foreground feel like fire, and the yellows look like smoke
This painting shows anger with the brightness of red and the darkness of black in it.  It almost looks like fire.
It makes me angry that the horse in the picture is not set free and is enslaved instead
A deep look that reveals a man unhappy with his surroundings
The look on the angels face is making me angry
The image above shows a dry land with rocks and a thick forest nearby.
The image above shows a man holding a book and looks furious.
The blue object pushing down on the yellow object suggests brute force and anger.
the facial expression of this abstract portrait has an angry expression. With the pose and the scepter, and the regal robe and crown he is wearing he gives the essence of a dictator or oppressive king
Confusion, contradictory ideas, and a lack of clarity in inner feelings and secrets
The random scribbles appear to be quick and evoke feelings of frustration or anger. The texture of the wall is uneven and unsettling.
it makes me angry that they are chopping down trees in the picture
The men are surrounded by a bunch of paintings that they possibly stole.
A serial killer goes here to hide the bodies of the victims he has killed over the years, and so far there are already eight bodies.
faces covered and little detail in them with cows eating grass
Why is the horse alone, where is the owner and why is its tail cut
To me, red represents anger and therefore the significant red area signifies this
I can see a scene where people are in a particular situation. There is no apparent threat, but there are several attentive people and others in an emergency attitude.
the streaks make the painting look unfinished and the combination of the angel and a victorian drawing room gathering looks silly
sharp lines on her face and gloomy shadows in background
These two men are stealing from the poor and elderly
Wearing the worlds ugliest dress deserves a look like that
it makes me feel angry because what they are doing looks chaotic
The first picture shows pure joy and a glow after a entanglement between two people, the picture I just to contrast it shows defeats darkness and despair almost like it is reach up from the depths of hell
everyone seems to be wearing at least one form of red except for the one kneeling in prayer, why is everyone lese in red
that poor man horse being held like that by the woman. leave him alone.
White men have been taking advantage of people of color for far too long
The juxtaposition of individuals give an impression that the more well off couple is looking down on the less well off children with their tools, and the man's focus on his fellow man, combined with said man's expression, implies that his words are unkind, and whether derogatory to the children or the man behind them, it bothers me.
The subject is tense, concentrated, seeming to clutch at his own hair. A self-portrait maybe, since there's an artist's palette in the foreground. His posture and expression, his rumpled clothing, his determination to observe accurately are all focused and intense.
There is too much lack of detail and color in this picture.
it angers me because it looks like a four year old made it
I don't like this painting on a number of levels--it is OK to off their bodies for examination but not males,  Also, the whole idea of blaming Eve gets on my nerves.
the colors are dark and ominous the facial expressions look like they are in a fight
The act in the painting looks like they are struggling or fighting for something in anger and discontemptment
the facial expression is sad and make you wonder what he see
What are all these question marks?  What does it mean?
The woman will not allow black people to enter into her store because she is racist against them.
This child is upset to be standing for this picture and therefore shows anger.
The image above shows a tree with disgusting colors.
facial expression of the ride - he has a frown and eyebrows look furrowed.Colors in painting are warm colors, light colors very little green, which could signify heat and dryness.
The fruits misplaced and the tilted over bottle conveys somebody pushed over the things.
The swirls seem violent in nature.  Particularly the one on the bottom left appears to volcanic ash being spewed into the air.  Other represents violent weather formations posing dangers.
The image above in the painting is unclear and shows a big house bad looking house at a distance.
A violent event is being perpetuated in this image. The figures appear stoning a man in an open act of anger and wickedness.
the fall like season is depressing to me and makes me angry
The yellow is very bright and contrasts with the green. The yellow  has too much energy.
There is something about the shape and look of the subject's face that makes me feel angry
The dark colors and movement and shape of the leaves make me feel uneasy.
The image above shows a ship that is falling in water.
The image above shows an angry man by the look of his face.
The man looks discontent with life. His facial expression is that of disdain for whatever he is looking at.
The strokes and way the colors end feel like it was painted with anger.
The man is riding into battle and drawing his sword. Images of war and violence make me feel upset and angry.
the industrial world cloudy with smoke smog fills the air a dark brown hue over people
The image above shows a black and white painting that looks too old and ancient.
The sharp sporadic strokes and movement feel revolting.
The colours and people on the left can convey anger .
The woman in red is supplicating herself, cowering against the dragon posed to strike from above.
This is the owner of a plantation with black slaves and whenever he feels like it he takes a black female slave to rape at night.
this picture looks like very angry to see
It makes you feel angry since chopping wood sometimes is done to release your anger and frustrations.
he looks too smug like he feels he his better than people
Arrogant looking man posing for painting.
The sketch is haphazard like it was made with charcoal
Red is a deep representative of anger. The facts it's in a bright light, makes me feel rage to the machines.
slanted lines with little detail roughly center of page
the disrespect and make people mad
The image above shows a man against an army of men.
A man who is keeping the impulse to speak out energetically about something that bothers him
The man's arms are crossed and his face looks bitchy.
This portrait has a dark overlay. The man has dirty clothes that may indicate he was in a recent brawl. His expression is anger and possibly contemplating negative actions.
the lines are forcefully and jaggedly drawn and the colors are dark
the expression on the face of the act in the painting looks coarse and angry
I don't like this guy being surrounded by all those women
The main subject is shaking his fist at another man who is sticking his head out the window.
The blue on the wood is calming but the rest of this is so annoying. It looks like a jumble and makes no sense and that's so frustrating and irritating.
The mother has kicked her young children out of the house for she can longer afford to take care of them, and they are left to wander the forrest alone.
A naked man is being tortured by other naked men.
yellow pedal flowers standing tall with some pedals on white cloth
Although the main subject appears calm he is surrounded by chaos. Men with weapons pointed at the subject provide an overtone of aggression and anger. These emotions seem to be driven by the subject in some way. The artwork does not speak of peace but rather violence.
The iamge above shows a dry grass in plain fields while the image is not clear.
A moment before an inevitable conflict is about to break out
The person has an expression that indicates she is in deep though and contemplating feelings of discontentment.
The sky seems smoky like there has been a fire, and the sun is a color that appears angry.
The image above shows an old man who looks furious over something.
The image above is showing plain dry lands which is making it boring.
the old man face was looks like he say something.
This guy looks mad and like he has a charge of some sort.
The farmhand and his wife are sent packing after the farmer's daughters reveal they are pregnant.
The woman with her arms crossed and her facial expression shows me that she is mad.
The decapitated figure lying on his bed and having the sole clothing he's wearing being tugged from his body.  There's no sympathy from the crowd but only curiosity.
The color is a blood red and the pattern is chaotic and sloppy.
The noise of a mind full of contradictions, of fear of showing vulnerability
Looks disorganized and chaotic, gives me a frantic and upset feeling.
The red and the angle of the blocks feel like stored anger ready to burst.
it made me feel as if there is an angry separation of something, a break up, a division.
This man looks like he is being reprimanded by the priest. He could be a bad man.
the colors and brush strokes just give me a really hostile, angry vibe overall and then her face she looks really irritated.
She is staring at the viewer angrily, which makes me hate her.
There's something about all the red in this that just makes me angry
Aggression, motion definitive , charging forward with purpose and intent
The large black block disrupts the painting and makes me feel agitated.
I don't like the deep hot colors
The aggression on the mans face and the boys obvious desire to please shows that war and hate will contiue to be perpetuated.
This image is both excess wealth and animal abuse, which are infuriating to see
This image reminds of slavery and that will always upset me
This area seems to be more industrialized therefore making it a polluted area. The tints of red also give it more of an angry feeling.
The way he's standing there with his arms crossed, it is obvious he is not pleased with something, and it makes you angry to see him.
It’s confusing and lacks a point of focus, it makes me feel irritated.
The painting of this man who seems very hostile and agitated provokes the same feeling in me when I view it.
This woman looks sadly, angry.  You can see it in the eyes and the mouth and the gesture with her hand across her chest.
The image above is not clear and the flowers are unattractive.
This piece of art makes me angry because I don't get it. It's basically blank but someone said it was art so I feel like I'm missing something and that makes me mad.
I'm angry because this isn't even a painting. Its just canvas.
The image above shows a poor mans house without other houses around.
Short quick aimless movements, makes me want to clench my teeth, feels aggressive.
The woman is a hussy.
There is nothing to focus on and it is busy and makes me feel frazzled.
This man's face looks menacing, and it looks as if he could be violent.
Colorful blue and white boring shape and weird hair
Little red riding hood on the outside looking in. Looks like she wants to be inside.
This painting displays an image of a female that appears to be extremely too young to be displaying this amount of skin and sadness is seen in her face.
The black people went to this quiet peaceful town and drove around with their music blaring in their cars, smoking weed, and throwing the weed buds out the window into the streets.
Looking at this painting makes me feel angry because it looks like the woman is about the slap the child and the child looks frightened.
The man is casting aside his wife for some strumpet, and it's a terrible thing to see.  I am angry on her behalf.
As work begins to pile up on the dock for these employees, the sense of yearning to be at home safe and comfortable can be felt.
the man look like they are going to attack someone
The abundance of red hues gives an angry and busy feeling to this painting
The image above is satanic and does not look good.
There's too much  going on and it looks like there are legs but not head.
The scowl and the act of having his arms crossed in defense to something
The crew is leaving two men behind and heading back to the ship.
A beautiful animal lies trussed and dead, its eyes already shrunken with the hunter's rope bag, or possibly a trap in the background. What a horrible waste to take a life like that.
the piece of artwork depicts a crime that seems aggressive
The man depicted in this image looks old and grumpy. Perhaps contemplative but its not a enjoyable painting to look at.
He just looks super angry
It looks like the older men are teaching the young boy to steal and trick people out of their money.
The man's stance, with his hand on his hip and smug expression, are just infuriating to look at
the dark colors and shadows create negative thoughts for me
European monuments have always came at the expense of Africans
the people in this photo appear to be angry as none of them are smiling and they all appear disgruntled looking at the artist
Anticipation of the shore dwellers makes me less than content.
Color red makes me angry.
This reminds me of war time propaganda which is fueled by anger, hate and fear.
The image looks like in the midst of chaos.
the trees are red, the buildings in the back are red, and the trees are empty of leaves so they are pointy and harmful to me
The man seems to have a grimace and his eyes are looking sideways as if  he doesn't trust someone. This makes me feel angry as well.
This picture makes me feel angry because the background is incomplete while the foreground is extremely detailed, and I don't like it when things look unfinished.
In this picture I cannot tell what I am looking at. Is it water? Is it snow? Are those rocks or are those trees?
This man looks like he is intruding on someone's privacy without their consent.
It appears that a tornado came through and broke the trees off.
The image above is showing two trees only with no good views.
This makes me think of the police and I am not their biggest fan
You can almost feel the anger and frustration from the artist.
The black splotches seem like they were thrown on the canvas in anger.  Black seems like an angry color too.
This art piece shows some harsh lines and makes me feel agitated.
The child is sticking its foot into the animal because of boredom.  The adult  is reading a book but distracted.
The contrast between the building size and its display of wealth shows the people being left behind.
The image above shows a man with big eyes and the image looks ancient.
This painting is not interesting to me in that the shrubs are blocking the view of the house.
The person in this painting gives a sense of anger and rage. The way this person is sleeping seems like he is full of hate.
The contrast between the two colors is very extreme. Both colors are also very unnatural and binary.
Her dark eyes, and the hand on hips.
The image above has trees with no much details and is unclear.
The reds just show so much anger and darkness
Image invokes anger at the lack of freedom the servants or subjugated subjects seem to have in front of the figure casting judgment.
It appears the main subject woman is being held down and raped against her will. She looks frightened and confused.
ugly Japanese woman taking a nap.
A man full of himself, who thinks that his form is the only possible one and who does not take no for an answer.
Submitting to a dressing down by an elder's disapproval and trying to be respectful
It lacks symmetry, and influences from nature.  It looks haphazard and sloppy.  It doesn't look like a piece of fine art that was well thought out.
It would be an eyesore to see such a ghastly stature on the grass, waste of space.
The woman appears as though she is being taken advantage of because she looks bruised and unconscious while someone performs a sex act on her. I feel angry at the man for doing this.
The colors of the uniform give me nazi vibes
It looks like the woman is being held down and forced to have sex with the man.
It's cold and dark and these people are about to get splashed with cold, dirty water.
This guy looks like he enjoys watching people fight to the death for fun
The little girl has that devious look on her face, like she's up to something.
the damaging smoke from the chimney is hurting the environment
One person has been angered by the other and is determned to make them pay
The colors of red make it look mean and angry
The image shows a man who looks furious over something.
The image above shows an object that can't be interpreted and doesn't have a definite shape.
the starkness and randomness made me feel a rage the instant i looked at it
The colors are so uneven and weird, there are almost no shadows.
The image above shows a forest and a road passing by, the image is plain.
Rich posh privileged lifestyle with a needy dog all for show
This woman looks like she is getting revenge on someone.
Angry looking woman sitting on the chair for pose.
The image above shows an old man who looks furious.
The house looks as if it is sliding into the water.
Looks like a police portrait of a serial killer
Man seems threatening two students by holding a tool and looking over them
The man in this painting makes me feel like he is fighting something and his expression seems angry.
piercing eyes show intensity and anger
Poor lady with small baby and she do not have enough clothes on her body.
The woman shows the narrowing of the eyes and the clinching of the lips making her appear to be displeased.
The painting just does not seem finished when looking at the original
Instead of a beautiful vista I was distracted with curiosity about that Sword imagery.
The spoked circle in the middle of this picture immediately caused me irritation.  The blue, red, and yellow color scheme deeply frustrated me as well.
the fear in the people makes me angry for them
The expression on this lady's face is that of anger.
The male figure looks he's about to explode.
The drawing is of scribbles and really has no content, just looks like someone very angry grabbed a pencil and scribbled hastily
The chaotic use of black lines in the image feel angry.
The stature appears aggressive and judgmental as though it is disappointed and angry with you.
It is the same painting but up close and the person on the right looks upset.
The image looks faint and with buildings at a distance.
The bull has suffered a violent and senseless death for the sake of entertainment.
This woman's face clearly shows dissatisfaction with something, she is grabbing the edge of the table seemingly to stop herself from acting on her discomfort, her brows are furrowed, her lips are pursed and her other hand rests uncomfortably atop her arm
This woman looks like she is angry at those around her.
Everything looks so uneven, and the colors don't match well together.
the young kids look scared by the man with the new crown
Half naked woman sitting on top of mountain.
Crowded places just make me upset
All emotions are apt. Anger at those who use power for control, disgust that the man seated no longer breathes, fear of what might come from my own death and sadness for those who sacrificed themeslves for the ultimate cause.
the eyes are not the eyes of a happy man. lost in the dark of his background and the columns in the rear feel desolate
He has a very smug angry look to his face.
It looks like two of the people are intent on cheating the one young man. rude.
One person demonstrating physical superiority over another, judging
They look like they are charging and off to go fight.
I feel angry looking at this photo because the woman in the grocery store this scantily clad is not realistic at all.
The black clothing does not contrast well with the background. The man also has an annoying careless expression on his face.
the looks on the pirate faces makes me angry
The image above shows a man that looks old and furious
The look behind his eyes and expression is one of suspicion and anger. It makes you angry to see him so angry.
The dark buildings, the dark sky and the dark foreground make this piece feel like a 'storm' on canvas.
The Roman soldier stepping on the individual to arrogantly display his power while making the woman beg for leniency on behalf of the fallen person.
This painting reflects the anger that Saul felt while attacking David out of envy.
the poor guy is chained up and being threatened with a spear at the same time?
He has a disapproving facial expression which makes me wonder what is upsetting him.
The man's face looks shrouded in red. I feel like he is enraged.
reddish colors with uneven fruits and dark shadows
No depth of color at all, it makes me feel like looking at it is a waste of time.
He just not a very happy person inside
the black blob screams anger to me
The picture uses the same colors but it uses in a much more violent manner, the first one is so soft and tidy, but this painting looks like blood splashing on a canvas.
The colors are splattered on the canvas in a violent and chaotic manner.
the man looks evil and looks like he is going to chain the little girl
The master with his beast by his side evokes a sense of the battlefield.
The weather in the the painting seems windy and about to rain heavily.
This artwork is bland and there is nothing interesting going on in the scene.
The image above shows a worrier with deadly weapons.
The horn player is really irritating the nude male figure.
In this painting a musical instrument is being used in an aggressive manner.
The man in this drawing looks very angry, as he converses with the woman standing next to him.  Perhaps he doesn't like his food.
The man's face shows that he is not happy, and the game pieces are thrown all over the room, it looks like an angry thing to do.
This is bad, but the buildings in the back remind me of Russia and the fact that they look happy and have balloons, make me feel like they are being lied to
The weather in the image is windy and not calm.
The younger girl turning away gives me the impression that they have affronted her.
okay, a man is holding an ax and a woman is blindfolded. im mad.
The violent splotches of paint evoke a feeling of palpable rage.
the burden to carry to have a happy life carried by family
color is  a power which directly influences the soul
There seems to be less of an order with this painting, and I appreciate a common pattern or theme like in many of the other ones.
Man smoking pipe even while dying.
The elephant’s posture and fearful look in its eyes make the animal look like it’s distressed or being abused
I have an affinity for abstract paintings so making a negative choice was difficult. I did choose this one to represent anger because it was painted to appear torn, as if you were tearing into a dark force indicated by the bold black and red fill.
The muted colour tones and angularity gives it a sombre feel
technique, colors, wreckage, disorganized, splotchy, jagged, feels incomplete almost
The painting gives a strong violent force and a grim background
This man looks as if he is trying to get the woman in orange to do something she don't want to.
The text in the image has a angry and generally negative tone, as does the whole scene. The expressions on the female's faces and the generally distorted and chaotic nature of how the image was drawn, gives an aggressive and discontented feeling to the whole image.
There are a bunch of illegal immigrants locked inside the box floating in the ocean. They are trapped and can't get out.
The ubuse of the mother and child
A boastful lady posing with pride
Looks like a slave owner who is mad someone isn't working hard enough
The fireworks ?  seem to close to the people and seems careless.  People could be hurt.
The black and general darkness outweighs the colors. Like the darkness (negative feelings) is overtaking the light (positive feelings)
The furrowed brow and closed eyes make him look mad
The man in the picture looks angry and dissatisfied.
The man appears to angrily talk down to the woman who is stuck at his feet. It angers me that he looks down to her in such a way.
This family gathering doesn't look very happy. The adults, especially, look upset/apathetic to be there.
This woman, although very poised and authoritative in her pose, her face emits the emotion of anger, the way her face scrunches up and her eyebrows come down and the pursing of her lips show that she is not happy
I feel like the tone is angry like the trees are angry looking over the lay of the land
The expressions on all the peoples faces and the actions he is doing
These dancers look like they are conveying a mean girls, hostile attitude. They make me feel angry because they look like they are about to pick on someone.
Looks like the woman standing up is not happy with the work the other is doing. Reminds me of a bad manager
The woman is flirting with the man while stealing something from his waist pack. The older lady looks evil and I wonder if her drink is poison.
People are fighting so there is chaos and no peace
The choppy waters and brush stokes obscure the image and give me a sense of anxiety.
I chose this, it is the closest painting and this painting a liitle bit angry because they can't do fishing because the water is dirty, nobody will do fishing.
The stark contrast between colors, specifically the red and black suggest anger.
I do not like the way this child is forced to pose by the sitting adult. The style of each artist are close to being the same with broken lines and monotone coloring. They both depict an adult and child. The child in this image is restless. The adult is holding the child by the neck. Is that a smirk on his face?. I have a negative feel.
something about this image makes it look overly crowded and wide
The black on her head looks like an angry face.
I feel like the woman doing hair is fed up and is plotting against other woman feels menacing
He reminds me of a friend who is a dirty rotten cheater and can't play an honest game of cards.
There  is a naked lady with a white sheet in her hands
the dark, beady eyes and shrewd red lips
This woman looks like my stepmother who has hurt me and made me angry on more than one occasion.
Complete chaos. Menacing figures interspersed with each other giving an intimidating appearance
Choice of color palette, feels aggressive.  The fast brush work makes the flowers look almost dead or damaged.
The man looks like he has a revenge on his countenance.
The man in the suit has such an angry scowl on his face that it’s infectious.
The lines are wild and flung about in a rage that words cannot explain but your brain screams silently in response.
This picture represents multiple deadly sins:  sloth, lust, envy, gluttony.
The man grabbing the person looks like they are out to kill them and that is just not right if we don't know who and what they have done.
The sketch is dark and the tone is darker
As the female onlooker stares at the statue, a sense of jealousy and bitterness can be seen in her eyes.
The man in the middle looks angry.  He may be the ballet director and is not pleased with the performance.
blurry imagry along with boring colors and no story
Intensity in color palate and open space of blue to the left and single stroke resembling and error is definitive.
The two fruits in front have been cut in half and left there. No one bothered to clean it up.
why hasnt anyone at the food yet? its dark.
these two brooding warriors ready to do battle to the death show hatred in their glances at each other
The image above shows a plain color with no much details on it.
The colors used are bland and blend in with each other making it seem upsetting.
The woman presenting the head of a man that recently been executed to the lordship as if it were a gift.
This girl looks like she is mean to other kids.
Her expression is one of anger and contempt, and makes you feel angry right along with her.
Because of technical progress in comparance with nature
his angry look paired with the blue colors sets the tone
the dark background and the roses in the eviroment creates a feeling of anger
The man seems to have grave concern for the map he is looking at. This might mean war is imminent
Man being tortured in front of crowd.
This image seems to be depicting the beginning of America, which to some could be seen as a terrible thing, especially the way the natives were treated.
The angry man yelling at the children next to the cart is very upset.
The dark lighting and dull colors make the place grim, and the man looks angry about working late
They are fighting, learning now defense stances
It looks like their intent is to hurt an animal
For some reason this art reminds me of slave labor
Angry horse rushing towards the man.
The dark red and orange colors shrouded in shadows resemble fire and fire suggest anger.
The black lines feel like lines of anger in a grey brain.
The dark clothing and emotionless expression makes him seem arrogant, like he believes he's better than everyone.
the man in black large clothes with a pin head shows aggression
The image shows a man talking to a woman and seems furious.
The figure in blue is strangling the figure in white while another figure with the face of a skull looks on.
The man with the thorns on his head and carrying the cross reminds me of the horrible things humans has done to Jesus Christ in his time on Earth.
This seems like a bunch of hurridly done lines and colors. The colors are not blending well and the black one in the middle is distracting. I feel very hurried and discontented.
The colours are messy and the dashes and scribbles look as though the painter was angry
they didnt finish what they were painting
A person with deep ideas, pondering something dangerous
growing old as the time passes and rewinds
This girl looks like she just did something devious and possibly something that could hurt someone.
These types of paintings with no subject or subject-matter really drive me crazy and make me mad.
This appears to be a possible confrontation between two different villages. men in hates appear to be arguing with the villagers. notice the man standing with his arms open as if he is speaking or making and offer to the others. One man is kneeling on the ground
This war general has no remorse for killing so many people
This abstract art looks like it is portraying a severed head being served on the table, I don’t like that feeling.
Lady in painting is tired and fed up it seems
there is no picture in my mind for this its just blobs of paint, the bottom being angry colors. which frustrates me
Slave children are made to stay in this warehouse working all day sewing t-shirts and have become low cost child labor, a form of child abuse.
The man in the picture has a face that looks like he is mad.  He is frowning and his eyes look angry.  He is standing with his hands near what it looks like a firearm.  He entire body language communicates anger.
The woman holding a weapon and about to strike the man or already has struck the man .
The image is showing a black white painting and no much details in it.
The bleu colors make the background feel tired and worn, the red looks like anger with green lips screaming
the red ya know like seeing red
Angry and obscure because of the shoulders and colors..
this picture is approaximately same emotions
the colors are much more intense and bold
There is not much color at all. It is very hard to see the image.
The dark colour tone does give you more anger and frustration.
He is scowling at someone behind the focal point.
it looks like some type of chaotic battle and there are weapons shown
This man looks like he thinks he is better than those around him.
City crowd gather.I hate crowd.
Mao Zedong does not deserve the beautiful colors afforded to him in this painting by Warhol. He is the polar opposite of Warhol himself as a person. Zedong embraced extreme violence while Warhol did not.
Mao Zedong, indirectly and directly responsible for the death of countless millions of people through his communist regime via famine & execution
There’s a lot going on that doesn’t make sense, and drab colors, it makes me feel stressed.
The image above is not clear and the leaves are shedding off the tree.
the cool kids are making the one girl rub their feet.
incomplete facial features all drowned out in red and dark colors
Having a made doesn't make you better than a person
Some women view houses as prisons.  A tunnel of trees is often as escape route from abusive partners.
The expanse of red feels even more aggressive with the paler red frame around it.
The woman on the bed with the man looks like she is being sexually harassed.
Even when bad things happen you have to try to use those bad things in  a positive manner and really just take the positive out of it.
The naked woman has this look of disappointment on her face. The robed woman seems to be comforting her. Apologizing? The color leave a sense of serenity within the scene.
the sharp lines and bright green of the grass come together to make me feel angry or sharp
Those two trees in the front just blocking all the views of the far behind.
Money is the root of all evil, honestly. There is no artistic value here.
The image shows a man holding a guitar and looks angry.
the browns and yellows of the foliage make the vegetation look dusty and the figures look wooden and out of place
t he young boy has a like look of anger on his face maybe at his mother
I do not know what these shapes represent and I feel dumb not getting it which makes me upset
The separation of reality (war outside) from aristocracy (the priests and king inside) is relevant even in today's world and can lead one to feel anger.
The image above has one mountain at distance that looks so fake.
it almost looks like the sky is on fire
The people on the painting had similar facial hair, but this painting looked more tense and serious
The image above shows a man who seem to be angry from the look of his face.
The face on this painting does seem very agitated angry, and peeved off
Powerful white men have been able to destroy the freedoms of other people in this country
I am jealous that these two get to be together, but I can't be with the people I like
A woman who is realising that her recent decisions were not in her best interest
Violence and anger in a place where there is no room to consider possibilities
the obvious brush strokes and crazy eyes makes this appear aggressive.
Pointless, just shapes and colors , kindergarten kid did this ?
man caught redhanded by wife who has summoned constable. He
This painting looks kind of angry.  It's dark, twisted lines seem angry, along with too many people in one space.
This picture makes it look like the woman is his servant, and there is also a jailer in the background. Both ideas make me rather angry.
The man looks unpleasant. His mouth downturned and his eyes are judgmental. He looks like he is about to criticize someone.
Why is he in a loincloth, but the women are naked. And don't shoot the birds
These men look like they are from another time when women were not respected.
The closeness and posture of the nun and the cardinal seems very scandalous and sacrilegious.
The expression, the coloring, the pose all portray the feeling of anger.
This man seems very angry and is trying to hold up the columns of the building.  Looks like a rendition of Hercules.
The way the person is gesturing to the angelic figure above seems like they are arguing, and having an intense debate of some kind .The hills in the distance, and crowds of people, make me wonder where they are, and why they are alone in this argument.
The angry crashing of the waves show the violentness of the sea with the foam hitting the rocks.
The contrast of colors is stark but without a point, the gives mixed feelings of frustration.
This woman strikes me as overwhelmingly rich and arrogant. She's probably judging me right now.
It looks like a crowded play and it makes me upset seeing people so close together, but I've been that way since the pandemic
The sharpness of the mountains against the orange of the sky is aggressive and evokes anger.
This depicts the death of jesus christ, a woman has seemed to pass out and everyone else looks very sorrowful
This painting appears to have been censored. Faces of people in the room were obliterated, either by accident or on purpose.
This man looks like he thinks he is better than everyone else.
The image shows a man with a long beard and looks furious.
Risk, confusion of ideas and conflicting wishes. Violence in the forms.
grapes are a symbol of opulence and excess, and its frustrating to see excess glorified
Looks like they are going to war
IT IS THE WAY IN WHICH THE WOMAN IN THE STORY ADORE HER CHIRD AND THE AESTHETIC
this hot headed thin face of a man ready to burst with anger and dark jacket
The image above shows a forest with dry lands around.
This guy killed his wife and did it in front of his children. His children are now terrified of their father every day that they are still in his custody.
the round white with paint splatters on top reminds me of a dirty plate, which makes me angry
Two awkwardly tall trees in the middle.
I think it is gross they put and emphasis on jesus and that makes me angry
This boy has a very aggressive facial expression
It's just a messy and chaotic world, any order and rules is just trampled over.
this makes me feel anger because it looks like the woman is being treated badly by the man
The young woman is scowling and not enjoying playing cards with the man.
The image shows trees only and boring flowers around.
The man looks like he is stabbing hiimself.
The fact that the man is charging on a horse with a weapon. Also the coloring of the picture produces an angry feeling.
the contrast from the wall makes this person pop
the way the woman is looking at viewer with a "side eye" suggests she is angry about something and appears hostile
This seascape looks choppy and angry.  It also looks very forboden, kind of scary.
This scene of a negotiation after a battle is very surreal and it makes me feel angry about the nature of war.
because this being seems to be going through alot and is forced to dress up like this
The person is not smiling and the emotion that they are giving off is affecting mine as well.
A man evidently in awe of his own importance at a time when things are not going as planned
He looks really angry about something and fearless
two men green and red with the green begging like a dog to the red man
The image shows a man that looks furious from the looks in his eyes.
The woman appears to be in distress.  Her facial expression shows fear and pain.
detailed face contrasts with no detail on his shirt with a few lines
The scowl on the man's face demonstrates that he doesn't want to make friends.
This man's whole face looks angry.  His eyes are narrowed, his mouth is down, even his forehead looks creased.  The darkness of the drawing also makes it look negative.
parts of this painting, like the other one, are still scribbled over. I would like to see the originals!
This reminds me of an angry man that is yelling at everyone.
This reminds me of a group of people who dont like other races of people
In this painting, you can see one person standing above everyone else and hurting them which makes me angry.
As the female turns her back to the adorning crowd, her body posture and facial expressions suggest she is at anger with them.
The men in this painting are all peering over at something that they perhaps find alarming, or that maybe they know they shouldn't be paying attention to.  Its as if they are shocked by what's going on, but don't seem to have any interest in doing anything about it.
The paper tearing feels aggressive especially with the red and black clashing colors.
The colors red and black, as well as it appears torn
This woman looks haughty. The look on her face seems to say that she has seen much of the world and liked very little of it. Her face is framed by dark foliage and makes me think she probably has dark thoughts. The light falls mostly on her dress and the background; the bottom half of the portrait. Light falls on her but she is not enlightened.
Is wrong for horses to be tortured by humans
Setting fire to the boat makes me angry.
This person's facial expression conveys contempt for his surroundings and it seems that the light in the room is trapped by him, he seems much darker than the rest of the room.
the red and randomness of the splatters stirs anger
I cannot tell if these are walls or mirrors. What are these rectangles representing
This shows a lack of imagination on the part of the artist.  It looks like a paint sample from a hardware store.
The anger in his eyes makes me wonder what he thinking
This Notre Dame church makes me think about the negative things the catholic church has committed over the year.
I feel bad for the animals that are being lead into the ocean water
Interrupted by a flying dragon-like creature, the prophetic individual looks agitated to it's presence.
I think the colors are a little too bright and that makes me irritated
The color red being the primary focus of this painting induces feelings of rage, due to the negative connotation the color red has in society.
The woman looks like she is very upset and the man looks like he is reprimanding her.
This woman looks like she is telling someone off.
It looks as if the man is striking the woman.
this painting looks to be some type demestic abuse case
this image is the most disgusting image ive ever seen.
The men in this picture lacked clothes in public.
Anger because the lady in the painting looks exactly like my 5th grade history teacher look at the womens eyes and scowl she was mean as a snake and would embarrass everyone. She made me so angry during 5th grade.
This painting reminds me of how rule over the masses never worked in history.
it looks like a very political painting that is super conservative
her mouth and eyes are just filled with anger and unhappness
it looks like theres blood on the table and the walls, plus the flowers are very red
The animal jumped on the table and the food came tumbling down.
Just seeing the word police in light of injustice sparks negative thoughts
it looks like there is a lot of pollution and lack of nature, like they're ruining the environment
The white folks who run the store always rip off the black customers when they go into the store to buy groceries, because they know the black folks are illiterate and ignorant.
this picture makes me angry because i hate when people pose like that
The man with the gun seems like he is forcing people to do labor, which provokes anger
This makes me feel more frustrated than angry, but that's not a choice. This woman must be going through hell with these little brats.
This appears to be a depiction of Jesus being tried. The anger of the accusers is evident as they point and jeer towards the accused.
The elephant has a maniacal look in its eye and appears to be destroying the natural landscape in a way that makes me angry.
The image shows clouds boring colors and cannot be interpreted.
there seems to some form of wizard and magic in the darkness of the paiting giving a feeling of anger
Not sure of story but not a feel good painting, a dead fish, a person crucified on a clock tower, a woman with a white mask and people seem to be leaving their homes.
This opulent castle makes me consider the immense gaps between wealth in society and makes me furious.
The repetition of the straight pine trunks against the dark foliage is boring and depressing and the oranges shades used for the river make the water look horribly polluted
The child in the middle of the painting looks like it's about to fall and hit it's head.
This woman is painted to look like she is a royal. Her expression looks very snobby.
The facial expression on this person looks like he is disturbed by something
weird drawings of strange people and little detail
This looks like a guy who would have and be okay with hurting slaves
golden goblet with a red sash creepily staring at that bad lady
The first thing I saw in the picture was the social difference between the man sitting on the floor and the men who are playing chess. The men playing chess are sitting in chairs with loads of comfortable pillows.
The facial proportions seem like racist characters, and that's awful to see
The woman sitting with her arms crossed and a scowl on her face seems to be apathetic to dancing and pouting about something.
what is wrong with the baby? he looks annoyed.
Something about it feels off.  It feels like it's upside down or inverted somehow.
The random splotches of color throughout make it hard to know what anything is, it's chaotic and upsetting.
The anger is building up and the darkness is unstoppable.
harsh use of reds overlapping insitgates agitation. No seeable patterns or recognizable objects promotes subjective negative emotions.
A large block of red and a large block of black are both angry colors, and there is no other imagery in the painting
The image shows a man holding his waist  and looks angry .
Looks a lot like medieval child porn.
The man has his eyebrows raised and is scowling as if he were going to become violent.
There are a lot of thoughts in this paint, anger is one of them.
the woman is showing pure rage and anger in her glancing look
The woman with her arms crossed and her facial expression makes her look angry.
This man is being led to a guillotine, he seems to be resisting and very upset, he is also in chains
Nothing worse than mark someone with numbers, mathematics doesn't belong to art.
The clashing colors and chaotic shapes make me feel frustrated.
The people that are watching these guys being executed with the calm and don't care looks on their faces makes me angry that they are not helping them.
this looks like a war is going on and the people have been captured it makes me angry..  i dont like war or captive people
The dark hues of the skirt and table evokes anger and fear as the back of the lady is turned and I sense silence and there is something on the table that looks like its spewing out bursts of heat like a volcano.
The fast hatching and his sharp expression shows anger
everything is so red and the strokes seem to be angry somehow, although they follow the same path they are chaotic in some way i can't place
Two figures fighting for a place, juxtaposed, claiming to be the strongest
the bright colours  of anger and fighting between two people shows a fight to the death
The clenched hand  shows clenching in  pain or anger .
The girl appears to be in discomfort and pain with her hair being pulled, and the mother has a look of frustration. There is no contentment or loving concern.
The woman looks like she is being tortured while her hair is brushed.
This man looks like he is angry with the world.
The seated woman is reaching back in pain as the groomer roughly rakes the comb through her hair causing distress.
A psychiatric ward has blocked all the windows of a building so the people there can no longer see outside.
the woman seems to not appreciate the advancement of the man.
This image shows a mess that was made and a man grabbing a women
One of the men is harassing a woman. The scene is very messy and the room is dirty.
This mouse looks like he is mean to others.
This man looks very sly and cunning, like he is about to gossip.
The person looks desperate and angry at their situation and in need of fighting a battle at the worst position.
This man looks very angry about something.  He looks to be a kitchen worker.  The light shining directly on his scowling face, shows how angry he is.
Extreme violence, a fight against an imposed enemy that becomes the identity of the individual
This image of black looks like he is being held against his will.
The man reading looks frustrated, as though he is reading as a distraction - but with mixed results. I spend a lot of time on my couch reading with just this look on my face.
He has a very angry and disgruntled look
grumpy face with long white beard and boring black suit
The posture of the individual, the way his hair is styled just so, the prominent display of the ring and the cane...all of these convey a subtle air of superiority, as if the man in the painting judges everyone viewing it at his inferior in some way, a feeling I dislike intensely.
the woman in red it crushed
Why does this guy look so mad
seems anger and aggressive like he is about to attach somebody
The man looks mad as if at me, which makes me want to retaliate.
The man in the overcoat has attempted to halt the woman's ascent.  There is blood on his hands but she has managed to escape him and continue her journey up the ladder, carrying with her the coat she was wearing on their first encounter, though it is now bloodied.
This emotion was selected purely due to color scheme. The first image is a lovely, gradual gradation from grays to soft blues and pinks. The whole piece is relaxing and pleasant to look at. This picture on the other hand is gaudy and loud with its color selection choices. These are more retro colors and definitely hurt the eyes to look at for an extended period of time.
IT SEEMS AS IF THE CHILD IS ON HIS OWN AND HAS NO ONE  AND HE IS SEARCHING FOR FOOD AND WATER
The image above shows a meal on the table that looks bad and not fresh.
the background is dark and the flowers do not look very healthy
they seem anger at each other like one is being reprimanded for doing something wrong
it makes me really angry to think that certain people depend on others to work for their luxuries
disjointed and dark it spreads  right to left yet maintains the frenzied look
The 3 young adolescents stare angrily back at the viewer with body gestures that project frustration and anger.
The mean look on the man's face has no happiness or joy behind it and it's contagious.
A very boring painting, none of the items look nice
The subject is very unhappy and has an angry expression. She is dissatisfied with the viewer.
Staring angrily at the viewer while clutching her child aggressively, lead the viewer to assume the female is angry with herself or situation.
She is not smiling and will not smile, she is just gonna look down on you and think she is the best.
Because it denotes unclear scenario that describes anger
The image shows dry lands and its not clear without any details.
The red and dark colours of the background look pseudo-portentous and the combination of elaborate dress and vague expression make the man look stupid and pretentious
The image above shows a dry bush and dry mountains at a distance.
The woman is clutching a piece of cloth while looking back with a mean jealous look on her face.
Uneven patterns and shapes paired with mismatched colors, make me feel anger when viewing this picture.
Is all drawing art, that frustrate me as sometimes I couldn't know see any artistic side of a paint.
This painting makes me feel anger in the way the man in blue seems to be silencing the man sitting down
The fire burning in the darkened room gives shadow images of hands or dark figures on the wall. The brooms are blocking access to the fire and letting it burn.  This is a dark painting with very little good light shown.  The anger is felt because of the frustration of seeing destruction being blocked from being stopped. No control factor is in this picture except the broom sticks crossed to block putting out the fire.
The metaphor and reference to animals being imprisoned is heartbreaking
A man in the shadows with bad intentions about to do something violent
The obscured view and sharp choppy objects make me feel irritated.
The image of the older woman in a carriage looking outward reminds me of an older tyrant looking out upon the common working population, and that makes me angry.
The image shows two men kneeling down and surrendering.
This painting would be fine but that strange black scribble makes me feel annoyed like it shouldn't be there.
This man's face is turning red and his brow is furrowed and his lips are downturned as evident by his mustache, he looks very upset
The man on the right cutting the man's hair does not look too happy, he looks angry.
The image above is showing a rectangular shape with no details and can't be interpreted.
The man is explaining, why he kill the man,to the lady
The red splatter gives off the feel of blood splatter as if someone is being or was attacked.
This guy looks like he would own slaves and get someone else to do his dirty work
This painting makes me feel angry because the man is scruffy and disheveled and that makes me upset.
The way the man seems to be yelling and invading the other man's space made me feel angry.
while the 1st pic seems rather quiet and dull, the 2nd illicits a feeling of impending doom or of a fight.
It is startling and off-putting to see the man facing away from the viewer. It looks as though he is deliberately ignoring us.
Elderly women should not be working in the fields
The game looks like it is violent and they are ganging up on one player.
This man has an angered expression on his dace as he seems to be explaining a situation to a council of sorts
This painting looks like something was exploding. The mess in this image gives me anxiety
The colors in the painting make me feel anger because red reminds me of blood.
there is a lot of red in the photo that makes me angry
The dark red and black boxes tie to anger, since that color palette matches those emotions
This man looks like he is holding a grudge because he didn't get his way.
The guy in the middle looks like he's kidnapping a little girl on his back.
An impatient man who has better things to do
The road is muddy, the equipment has broken down and is smoking.  This looks unproductive.
The poor man is forced to work in sweltering heat, implied by the yellow brown colors, and that is awful to see
red tones of rage with lashings of white in lines in a fight opposite whites
The image above is showing a small forest that looks bad.
The man unsheathing his sword shows he is aggressive and mad enough to kill.
The woman in this painting is drawn in a way that makes her face seem like a racist caricature.
The human form is crude and disrespectful in its presentation.
The trees are starting to become bear and the sky looks angry.
The offender assaults their victim with a long horn that causes the victim to flinch away in fear.
One man is making a loud noise into another man's ear. It is mean.
the brownish red of the rocks and the person sitting in maybe fear makes me angry
The depiction of Judas betraying Jesus was violent and filled with cruelty.
it looks llke the angels are forcing the other angel to do something
Reminds me of a republican that is okay with racism
The image is in black and white and the woman in the painting looks furious.
i dont like the man's look. he makes me really mad.
The color in the painting makes it have a negative feel. The cars look like they are in a congested street and in a hurry.
The image above is showing a flower vase that is not clear and  few flower varieties.
The vase looks off center and crooked.
The image above shows a rocky area that looks bad and not clear.
the older man looks like he's in pain
The subject's facial expression feels angry at me personally
the figure in the bottom right has started the fire and smirks because he will keep getting away with it against the people on the left.
The pope likes to collect donations that he says he is giving to the poor but he is actually pocketing himself.
The darker shading used invokes, and the angle of the man looking down makes it seem as if he is angry.
This man is a despot and responsible for the deaths of many people.
this painting looks like there is alot going on at the same time, reminds me of old conflicts for some reason
The man's face is fat and pompous. He also has a smug expression.
This woman is withholding a box containing something precious from the viewer, and it makes me resent her.
To me it looks like the woman does not want the advances of the man, like she is pushing him away
His dark clothes and closed expression that is looking away makes me feel like he is angry
The first painting depicts a newly wed couple on a snowy night. There's romantic lighting coming from a single street lamp. It has a beautiful, romantic feeling about it. The second picture, which I believe to be the opposite of the first, shows a stormy night, dilapidated buildings and animal shelters, with a man in the background beating a goat. There's a lot of chaos and anger shown here, especially in the person rushing to get inside one of the buildings. This shows a less than romantic side to human life.
This painting is not completely similar, but close and creates a feeling of fear because of the man's angry facial expression.
The dull red tint in this picture makes the person it look like they are mad about something.
The deep scars of this painting make me feel angry at the lack of care given to its longevity.
The figure driving looks like he's going to kill her.
This evokes themes of exploitation and underpaid, coerced labor.
The helplessness on the face of the man on the ground who is being attacked makes me angry that no one is helping him.
I hate how the main color is white in the artwork
In the background of this painting there appears to be an angry man and the woman looks to have a black eye.
it looks as if the woman's dignity and autonomy are being stolen from her. It reminds me of the myth persephone and hades.
She looks like she is not amused by this event, and doesn't want to pose for the painting.
This man looks like he is very mean to people around him.
Blood, aggressiveness, dark secrets that lead to uncontrolled violence
the eyes and mouth makes him look  very angry
This painting seems to be rushed and unfinished as if it's missing something.
The man looks like he wants to kill everyone he sees with the drop of a hat.
The image above shows a painting of a country side that doesn't look good.
She appears to be tied up which makes me angry because she shouldn't be abused like that.
It looks like a woman is being held inside of a cave against her will
The image is showing a dry land with bad unpleasant desert flowers.
his eyes and his way of sitting looks so anger.
All those factory wastes get mixed up in ocean and spoils sea habitat.
this industralization is bad they are harming the environment
The red color indicating the rage  and the white eyes . Are they blind with rage?
This painting depicts violence which made me feel bad and angry.
people wants to kill this bastard for some reason
The color scheme of this piece reminds me of things associated with being mad or upset.
the boss is very unhappy with this lady
The subject's face has a mischievous expression. The black top is unappealing. The surrounding colors are also dull.
person is dying in front of angeles
The man look is very rich and i can see arrogance in his eyes
clean clowdy and orange shade color makes me anger
I feel why a artist draw women without any dresses
His mustache makes me angry
All the mens are trying to abuse and kill the womens which makes anger.
As a woman I find this painting extremely upsetting. A group of rowdy, disgusting ruffians, possibly invaders from another kingdom or city or just a group of drunken thugs, are forcefully taking women to rape, enslave, and possibly murder. Seeing the tormented, terrified expressions on the women's faces makes me so infuriated toward those men, and possibly the artist. I am curious if the artist was glorifying that kind of behavior toward women or admonishing it.
Some Jungleman rape the girls severely in forest
his reddish face  presented angry and sadness.
Look like opposite to awe
That Girl she is waiting for food with plate with anger face.
old man face look like grumpy and crabby
Anger comes when you see river, ponds without water destroying natural resources
This dude's face makes me want to punch him.
woman is unhappy with her partner and  start avoiding
hell is coming from sky attack
Englishman standing very angerly in the room
His eyebrows are drawn in as if asking a question, but his eyes are hard as he stares to something with deep concentration with hard eyes.
the very conjested design make me feel angry
Not blind with rage, but has been emptied from the heart.
Pissed because it's plain and has nothing on it. This makes me mad at it's blandness.
The angry horse, soldiers and orange color background are make me angry
weather is very angry and destroying the forest
Angry men standing over crowd of people that appear to be scared. the angry men all have mean faces and are holding weapons possibly throwing arrows into the crowd below.
Seeing her dressing sense makes you angry
The people in the painting are fighting with each other.
the children are naked and playing with a toy that is not for a child
aweful is everything here and no point for anything
woman is showing her breast and not wearing any cloth
Its opposite to owe feeling as there is violence on animals.
The tree is cut in the forest thats very anger
The wood looks red with anger and so the statue behind.
The guy aggressively thinking about something
Cat trying to kill the hen which makes anger.
Odd looking lady posing for picture.
I feel that I don't know  why an artist draw a woman  picture without any dresses
the person is very sad and he was anger
I get angry because the baby is not dressed
It gets annoying when you cut down trees and flowers and see that now everyone has all the flowers in plastic
A person looking something with angry
His Eyes are Very Sharp and Bright. It shows that he is anger on some thing. It makes Anger.
god is in dangerous situation we have to help the god
no leafs are left in the tree
That Man's face looks very Anger.
The facial expression here is definitely not happy.
I feel anger from this painting does not feel pleasant and is . I feel this depicts opposit of the picture above, it looks like the person wanted to let out its frustrations.
The lines are simply drawn and are unclear. The shading is minimal. Overall the image is too plain and boring.
This picture portraits that these people are talking with anger
In the first image the people in the village were livin g there life so peace sharing the food but in this picture there were  not allowed to take water from the well . they treated so bad.
One soldier looks to kill the girl
It seems like a tree wrestler hitting over a rock with a great anger.
sky is looking dangerous and want to destroy everything
Looks like the lady behind the door is a maid that is being treated bad
The eyes shrunk as the hands folds with anger.
The man was very anger with crown with scarf
He smokes pipe like a chimney when he is angry at his enemy
weather is look ugly and want to destroy the nature
The Person preparing himself with full of angry
something incomplete, inconsistent and unfinished task and again untidy
Anger comes when we think that natural resources are depleted because we destroy the dynamic resources and use them
the man is very angry and want to kill someone
this is not true because animals are wild anmimal
This artwork is saying million's of excitement and joy between humans . The mother nature is blooming with bright colours of them.
two persons pulling the rope with the anger.
Rectangular shaped wall explains nothing.
The picture is about somewhat anger and fear , they were going to die is bit of fear
The eyes of the picture is like staring
The eyes of the painting makes us to feel that he is an angry man
safety is nowhere and people are thinking to leave this place
A person giving pose with angry
listen to other people without telling is not a good thing
The linear line in-between shows disparity and inequality in the picture
it is not applicable for all Age categories
sky is not in good mood it is not a good news for nature
In this picture the 3 men were abusing the girl . It is so rude and a sad reality  of girls life .
The Person watching something with angry face
the person is showing anger towards the world
She may be anger on someone or may be anger because of some thing. It appears on her face.
The contrast colors and uneven landscape make me angry
A sad woman sleep and she was naked. I don't know why artist imagine like that .
The face is strangely elongated and the forehead is very prominent. The child looks smug and far too wealthy.
The cold, dead stare of the subject conveys an anger hidden behind the man's black eyes.
These vertical lines give me headaches.
i don't like that type of images
The old man seems to be in fit of anger and staring at someone
There are slaves being forced by the dominant army persons in this.
Anger occurs when an object we are beautifully guarding suddenly breaks down
King makes people slave and beg to everything
This image seems to spoil the beauty of the flowers
There's something about crowded beaches that just really irritates me
Fish is Kept instead of keeping human face, neck, chest and all, which makes anger.
The first  picture teels about the fresh and clean environment ,but in this picture they were spoling our environment with varies factory industry
three men slaughtered in the picture.
sky is not in good mood hell is coming
That red color makes me angry and reduce my peace
secrets are being traded at the expense of the downtrodden
I get angry because this movie says no explanation
The bearded man in the background looks like he's about to hurt the people on the ground.
Too many people together.I hate crowd.
I selected this painting because it made me feel angry.
I feel that i don't know  why an artist draw a woman picture without dress
That makes me angry because she is not dressed
future is in bad situation and we are lying on this
The original image is of a peaceful forest, but in this image someone has cut down some of the trees.
she is very angry and it appears on her face.
A girl was so angry
god is dying in front of people
I'm angry because nobody tried to stop this atrocity from happening.
the paint that is most aggressively applied to the painting is red, which reminds me of blood splatter.
It seems like this man is attacking the woman, while she and her children watch in fear.
she is looking like angry
He has a monkey sitting on his head, doing who knows what to him.
This is annoying because there are so many ingredients in this image
In this picture the women was seem like witch and the little girl was like a slave to the harsh Heartless women
she is looking very arrogant and does not really care much about other people
darkness in front of window and looks dangerous
Eyes and expression of lion shows anger and aggresiveness.
Fruits with one alcohol that bad
Arrogant man posing for painting.
vagina is private thing and this woman is expressing in front of people
The king in the picture so aggressive and he receive blessings from the god to win the war
the woman is stripping in front of people
The nose is sharp with anger so as the hat.
people are dead shootout is going on by bad people
woman is not in good mood and feeling angry
The picture makes me mad. A lonely mother has been harassed by a deadly beast in search of sex to satisfy himself.
It becomes angry when it is known that human beings are the only culprit to provide natural resources
The picture shows that she is angry especially eyes gives us such impression.
The beauty of the flowers spoils this image and so does the anger
woman is not in good mood may be for some reasons
The dance moves of couples  and expressions of musicians shows gratification and happiness over there.
The Person attacking somebody with angry mindset
On one hand musical notes & other soldiers cutting throats
the man dead by attack of unknown
the person looks feel megestic look with anger face
The jolly face of boys proves the joy and happiness both of them are sharing out there.
The girl's twinkling and shining eyes shows her happiness which is full of happiness.
the man want to kill this person for some reason
Man broken bird feather hardly
the man is shouting on his wife and telling to go home
dryness in the field and noting is in good here
Gushing water carrying whatever come on its way as if the nature showing its anger.
The mother is forcefully harassed by hungry looking human monsters and it disgusts me
People with guns can be seen in this painting, which depicts violence so I disliked this painting as it made me angry
Five soldiers are looking to shoot some people
attack by officers this will cost may be human life
The girl's sitting posture make me angry. The girl's expressions and attitudes are like every others are inferior to her.
He is drink some unwanted and very angry
As the red rose, she is red with anger and brave enough to be nude.
The beauty of the lady is marred by the open breast and stomach.
The shiny bald head and the eyes red with anger.
the man is disguise this woman and behave very badly
Dark colours of the background show the slavery motives
There is a crowd of people waving weapons and ganging up on a single scared person.
Angry feeling as one subject is left out of celebration there's feeling of resentment and plotting of retaliation
This looks like a place where the women do not want to be
it will take a real stupid person to purchase this as art
This woman looks angry because she has been treated so poorly.
The all over the place shapes and red color makes me feel confused and angry.
The trees are destroyed and just left to rot in the forest.
The woman in this painting is obviously angry by the look on her face and the manner in which she is sitting.
how is someone so good at cutting shrubs, wish i had that talent
The effects of unseen wind make it seem angry and cold.
She just looks angry and I feel as if she is choking a dog
The object pointing back and shouting looks like he is trying to provoke me.
Traveling salesmen conspire with the town's eager (and meager) in selling-off some of its last standing relics. I feel angry at the thought that there won't be anything left for the village children to one day aspire.
Painting invokes anger you get feeling there was a fight or argument. A man is advancing on a woman who clearly doesn't want them
She looks like she does not want to talk to this guy but he wont leave her alone
This town drunk won't stop causing noise at eleven pm at night and is bothering everyone so they can not fall asleep.
This person has the posture and facial expression of an angry person, which elicits the same in me.
the character in the painting looks so nervous and angry, it makes me feel uneasy
This woman looks like she just got in a fight with someone.
An abusive man is something unacceptable  the painting shows a lady rejecting the advances of a man holding her with force you can see the pressure of his hand on the lady's arm
she is pissed that she is not playing the guitar
This woman looks like she is being held against her will in a cave
Makes me think of having to build something which I dont like to do
Misiles shot to destroy to create suffering and pain makes me angry
There are still many hills to cross before arriving in town where there will be rest.
Horse bullfighting also known as "Rejoneo" is as disgusting as bullfighting. Animals must always be respected they feel just as we do
The ripped paper symbolizes chaos and anger to me.
The pattern is just very stagnant, and it upsets me that this passes as artwork.
This shows anger as this painting is very disorientating as anger can cloud someone's mind
The smoke coming out of the chimney makes me think of pollution
This guy is making faces at me and i want revenge
why is someone painting dead animals, this is in bad taste
The black being uneven makes me uncomfortable and i do not like feeling that way
The two colors never get along
The red and brown are not nice to look at, the image looks damaged and distressed
The hard lines compared to the above sample make me feel forced or pushed to look in a direction.
the sky is dark and the fog coming from the chimneys looks dark and polluted
In the Japanese culture the oppression of women is despicable, women and men are equal so they must be treated and respected equally
you can see the anger in her eyes
What is the child doing wearing a white wig, they are trying to grow him up too fast
Industries throwing dark smoke into the air we breathe, no control just causing horrific damage to earth just for profit no consideration to our planet
All the black marks at the bottom right of painting remind me of how badly slaves were mistreated on farms just like this one.
This guy looks like he thinks he is better than anyone he encounters
Both images reminds me to communist idols, which I really disgust
The man is the son of a mother and father who are first cousins and now the man is born mentally retarded missing half a lobe of his brain.
The man looks like he refuses to see obvious things
that there is not one black person to be found in this image of high society
This painting shows the matron angry and upset with her children
The cable is unnecessarily long and tangled. The object is disorganized and irritating.
This tree reminds me of a plant I really do not like
A woman abusing another woman, the abuser in a chariot taking advantage of her position the lady in disadvantage trying to defend herself from the attack
the woman looks sulky and malevolent, the colours look faded and dirty
The man in the red looks upset like he wants to hurt someone
The subject has posh clothing and has an irritating smug face.
The subject looks angry and defiant, and the dark colours seem to enhance his mood.
the blotch in the corner of the painting looks as though a hole has been made in it and spoilt it
The color depicts a warning and tells you to stay away
A dark connotation the image and colors present make me feel anger the choice of art directon also
I felt angry looking at this picture because it's boring, it doesn't represent anything, no significance to the lines, no color, what does it even mean?
The shapes are teeth that bite into the flesh of humans who are unsuspecting of anything devious happening.
This piece reminds me of global warming and makes me feel anger.
I do not like how there is so much white space in the area
The painting seems to show a group of people in a riot .
Why does she have to be topless and groped for this painting
I find it terribly morbid that these people are dressed as formally as they are - to hunt and kill. The pops of red are angry, dangerous or a warning.
this feels like a place i would not be allowed in whenever time period this was
I feel really disturbed by this painting because I cannot see what the people are doing which for some reason makes me angry.
This girl looks to be too young to be painted by someone
the way the female is pulling her lips together makes her appear upset or angry
Reminds me of when people were not taking COVID seriously and going to the beach
This looks like a piece that was created in rage and inspired by hate.
The battle of dark colors versus light colors resemble inner turmoil.
I feel liek this one had a theme of green going for it until the middle right where its just forgotten and it is moderately infuritating the artist just skipped that part.
This makes it seem like the bad guys always get the girl
It seems like the man is assualting the woman, adn the woman looks very uncomfortable in the act
The colour of the trees irritates me and keeps me nervous
This is a very drunk, angry, rude, loud, misbehaving man who is probably about to be knocked out cold in rowdy bar fight. On the other hand, he would probably be very amusing to be around when he's not so angry.
The man appears to be angry and yelling
He looks nice, but he also looks like if i got hurt he would laugh at my pain
That guy better not be looking if anyone will see him tip the cow
I don't understand how this is seen as art
His face looks menacing, he looks like he is plotting revenge
the way the man is leaning against his arm suggests he is frustrated or angry about something in his thoughts
This painting makes me feel anger due to the red colors. Red colors I always work to make me feel anger. The jagged edges of the mountains also contribute to the anger.
The shapes all over the place and the different colors symbolizes chaos and hatred.
There are just random lines, and it makes me angry something like this is considered art.
This painting coveys a lot of distress and anger from the painter as it looks more like unclear scribbles
Factories polluting the air we all breath. When are we going to understand contamination is killing the planet ..?
There is paint all around the edge, but the center is left blank and empty.
A murderous rampage has left blood in the streets.
Reminds me of a church and I was forced to go to church at a young age which made me upset
The woman looks like she is trying to get away because she is going to be harmed
The lines in this painting give me an astigmatism.
I would not want to live on that house on top, it looks so tiring
Looks like she playing aggressively. There's so much disarray around her.
Every shape is so random and all over the place, it's not organized and clean.
She looks angry and annoyed, like she doesn't want to be painted
The female body is sexualized on top of a huge word "BUM" written in red and all caps.  Demeaning to women.
The sexualization of people upsets me and makes it feel as if there is no hope or moral redemption in this world
This guy looks undeservedly smug and I just want to make him go away
There are too many shapes in dosirganised and messy configurations and the black in all the colours make everything look dirty
They need to stop being so messy and put their stuff away not on the table
A dull painting that lacks colour and atmosphere, the weather looks grimace
This person feel like they are going into battle and looking forward to kill people
He is working hard and his wife is yelling at him.  The discord between the humands and the mismatched quality of the domesticated animals annoy the viewer and make him angry.
This shows two animals, one looks like its yelling as the other one is fleeing
It bothers me the picture in the middle
The person didn't want to spend money on buying their own plant, so they steal this plant from someone else's front porch.
This man looks like he is leading this woman somewhere she does not want to go
This guy looks like he inherited money and thinks he is better than everyone else
There is women sitting in her sofa and staring at something. The picture carries angry eye as it is angry at person looking at the image.
why is she laying naked over someone, put some clothes on
The woman is always spanking the children at the elementary school. She sometimes spanks them too hard, their skin bruises.
He looks mad, head is slightly bowed, brows together
The woman sits in a field of flowers next to an abundantly fruitful tree, but she seems stern and angry.  What have I done to anger her?
This man looks like he is angered by neighboring nations.
The man in the painting appears to be an angry man, looking at his eyes.
This guy looks like her would not mind having a slave or two
The shape of this persons face combined with the grimaced look they are giving suggests they are mad and it upsets me.
This picture shows the anger of these men as they are fighting
The image shows two people fighting and one on the ground.
The boat is constantly leaking gasoline into the ocean and not even doing anything preventative to stop it from happening.
The combination of red and black make me think about blood and death
This picture could convey anger as everything is unorganised and cups tilted over
the way the blocks are jumbled and colored with dark pigments suggest that they were angrily slapped together into a confusing collaboration
the womans naked body is being glorified
The image has less details and blurry at the same time.
The implied violence of the upraised switch and the gaunt naked man is infuriating especially with the indifferent passers by.
This thought always infuriates me. Why did nobody stop this? They just sat by and let it happen.
why is she naked around all these animals and what is she protecting
they do not look like they want to touch each other so what is the point
this photo is so washed out you can barely see it, it looks white washed.
The people in the image look like they are running away from storm.
There is a poor homeless man in the street begging for help and no one helps him, because they think he is worthless.
The man looks like he is on the verge of a scowl.
reminds me of the homeless problem, no one should be homeless
The mother is forcing her family to pray an hour every night before eating dinner because she is obsessed with religion.
She is frustrating to watch because she looks like she is struggling.
The painting does not flow. The images are all over the place, i cant tell whats going on
This painting shows a man and woman hugging why a small child is over in the distance alone.
This person looks too young to be painted like this
The people did not believe this woman was holy so they killed her and now they no longer have a relationship with her healing power.
Feels like there's a depiction of violence a war among men
That everyone is white, most of these people were probably darker skinned
Depiction of inequality makes me furious
There's feeling of anger when seeing depiction of the cross being set up for a human to suffer. Gloomy colors used to spark it
This mob looks ready to pass judgement and condemn. They are dressed very conservatively - possibly representing the church. They look like very biased law and order.
the way the female is not smiling and furrowing her brow makes her look angry and hostile
this guy looks like he got fat off the taxes of his people and wont help them
The man in this painting seems very angry
This guy looks like her could be very mean and have no remorse for his actions
People writing graffitis in other peoples house walls makes me mad, private property must be respected
This town seems way too cramped i dont think I would have space to move around freely
The faces of the men look villainous; the lack of details in the sketch also make it difficult to identify their activities.
The crosses, horses, and fallen bodies make it look as though a religious war is going on. This seems futile and terrible to me.
The image shows two groups that are fighting with red flags raised.
Hate seeing Black people be made into cartoon characters in art
The persons back to the image makes me think they are being peeped on
the abstractness and the sharp lines of color distinction
The woman thinks it is alright to sell her niece off for money for the night as a prostitute even though her niece is only sixteen years old.
this makes me feel angry because the woman looks disgusted
the man looks agressive and combative and the shadows round his chin make him look unshaced and dirty
The man looks like he is completely drunk
I do not know what is going on here, why does he have to be naked to play the violin
Animals must be free in their natural habitat neither  in circus nor confined and treated as they had not feelings. Free all animals
It is blurry and feels angry
This painting conveys the anger of the seas as the waves seem uncontrollable
THE PAINTING LOOKS DULL AND IT GIVES ME A BORING FEELING
it is pink like the first image, but a slightly off pink color from the background behind it. the string in the bottom right corner also makes me feel angry because of the small imperfection on an otherwise perfect surface
The chains depicted on the picture is a symbol of slavery
what is she doing with her fingers? looks to be unnecessary
The seaweed is growing on the sand and suffocating the crabs and starfish that live on the shore.
This looks like a church that has not been kept up well
The objects looks all over the place and not in order.
I really hate Christian missionaries attempting to "civilize" native populations.  I don't think this practice deserves to be exalted
It looks like the young man is tricking the older man.
This picture coveys and as everything misplaced
Her being naked just seems like it is not necessary and she looks young
The people looks so pale and unlively!
The woman appears to be forced into sexual acts but then you notice the knife she is wielding .
The image is doesn't have any details, it has two plain colors only.
I do not know what the purpose of this is. it looks easy to break
The red and black look like blood and darkness. The sharp angles and boxes are abrupt.
that baby looks like it hates being on the ground while everyone is just there singing and praying
The little girl is to bratty, that she goes up to younger children and smacks them really hard on the face.
where are their parents, why are they letting someone paint only their children
the face of the female figure on the left hand side appears to be livid with anger
definitely the paintings are similar - the first one has a young person with a sword, but on the second painting there is a knight, who may have already been in fights, therefore the knight looks a little angry although proud maybe
The image has no definite shape and the pattern formed does not make sense.
She does not look like she is looking forward to what might happen
The woman appears to be choosing between two guys, which isn't fair to either of them and upsets me.
I want to know where this trail goes, how far from people
This depicts the slaughter of creature and is difficult to look at.
the eyes and facial expression appear to be angry
The man promised to help the poor by making apartments for them and food kitchens, but then he turned back on his word and did not help them.
He will get his revenge, just waiting for right moment
It looks like someone tried to do a similar them but then someone else drew all over it out of anger
This woman looks like she is angry with one of her friends.
Based on the facial features depicted in this painting, the man seems to be angry or to be scouring.
The man in the picture looks like he has power over the woman.
A menacing monolith dark color scheme makes me think angry thoughts
Reminds me of a CEO who gets fat and happy off the hard work of others
why does the baby have to be naked, at least put on a diaper
This red makes me angry and think about all the things I cannot do right now
figures are caught in a moment of intense action, hand gestures convey expressiveness and momentum.
The person has a smug facial expression. The person is also smoking a cigarette. The painting is also fragmented.
Someone ate part of the fruit and didn't clean up after themselves.
This is quite explosive and in it I see what looks like a dragon breathing fire toward me. There is a frenetic feel to the way the paint was put down and the longer I look at it the more negativity I feel from each section. There are hidden images within various quadrants, and while some may be calm or beautiful, this fire and dragon covers it all as the final saying as if it has conquered all of the beauty and destroyed it.
The painting is very untidy and unplanned, it looks chaotic and filled with anger.
Beautiful songbirds have apparently been either sacrificed or poisoned in this painting.
this guy looks like he doesnt deserve all the accolades he has
The man is an egotistical white man that believes he is superior to colored people.
Almost seems broken the red and cracked walls causes feeling of anger
i really do not like the way that person of color is portrayed, feels racist
The woman expression makes her seem annoyed and frustrated with playing
the lack of direction and order in some aspects of this piece make me feel angry and off balance.
The fish have been all fished out of the lake and no more remain for future generations.
The pieces look shattered and uneven making the overall picture look hectic
It looks like they set the forest on fire and are cutting down trees
Anytime I see a portly old timey white man I think of slavery
This person looks really cocky and its undeserved
This man looks angry that the woman is blowing him off.
This guy seems happy to have slaves and do the dirty work
The fiery orange sun resembles the horror of death
The image in the painting has two people fighting with arrows.
The men fighting on top of dead bodies reminds me of the useless wars that human beings have started.
One of the presidents of the United States that has his face altered and splattered with blue after he gave the ultimate price for being president.
This guy looks like he is a master that owns many slaves
the man looks to be tired and in pain. The photo is dark and the colors are black and white making it a very dull and sad photo.
This woman looks quit angry, as she applies her lipstick.  Her eyes, mostly look very strange and angry. Her body language, too, clutching her hanky tightly, looks tense.
The red and orange in this painting remind me of the emotion of anger.
There is a lot of red, in my culture red is associated with anger. Her brow is furled which also indicates anger.
anger takes over in this photo, why did a good man get put on a cross. the photo is dark and dreary and sad.
Industrial pollution provokes the anger
A father killed his wife and children at the park because he lost his job and has no money to take care of them anymore.
The paintings are similar in that it is a similar landscape scene. This painting seems rushed, and with the ocre color and brush strokes used, it feels like the artist was angry and rushed. I feel like I'm looking at a painting of an artist who is mentally unhealthy, and angry at the world.
The girl looks like she want to be left alone but her mom is making the maid do something
The redness in the image looks like a fire out of control, and it's ruining the city.
the painting brings a feeling of anger the lady tends to be yelling
looks like someone gritting their teeth holding back something they want to yell
The elderly couple is about to be ripped off by this guy
The town is built on a slope and there is no stability, at any moment the houses can slide down the slope.
It all just looks like a mash of things that should not be together
the way the flowers are thrown together in this abstract photo appear to be done in a sloppy manner as if the artist was filled with rage at the time of the painting
This city scene looks hectic and stressful
The two people in the painting looks like they are making fun of me.
These women appear to be taken by force and no one is helping them
There's a dark demeanor like the woman spikes anger and the grey tone plus cold state makes it this way
A bullfighter is always a motive for anger because animals must be respected not treated with cruelty and sadism
This guy looks too cocky, like he knows something and wont tell me
the selected painting made me feel anger as the man looked angry
the white figure in the center reminds me of a skinny female body which brings about the issue of body shaming in today's modern culture in my mind
the colours are loud and agressive and the picture is nearly a face but is distorted
The face looks menacing, expresses anger
This one is both angry and fearful.  It looks like the man on the ground is being stoned by his peers.  They look very angry and he looks very scared.
I'll always be angry that nobody stopped this. They just let it happen.
The artist use very dark colors and she is folding her arms and she looks very angry and disappointed.
The painting shows an angry woman.  She is not content or happy
The women get together every Sunday night to gossip about other women in the town, before they go to bed at night.
this guy looks like he wouldnt mind owning a slave or two
This man looks like he is stuck-up and rude to people.
This painting makes me angry as it appears that this man is about to hurt a child.
the colours look like messy try-outs on a palette with ugly scribbles and smears
It looks like her hair is being pulled
The man in the top hat appears to be mistreating this horse; the groom doesn't like it, and neither do I.
Angry waves from the ocean and smoke from the cannons are sending the ship back to shore.
This could be him saving her, but she looks in distress
It is clear to see anger in this painting as everyone seems to go for war and chaos is breaking out
This painting looks very disorientated and disturbed and could convey anger
Man in the hat seems to be insensitive to the feelings of the seated woman who seems to be wery
His body language in addition to the style of his clothes, specifically his hat, makes me angry. I do not like tophats or what they symbolized.
Someone thought it would funny to throw acid in the lake and allow people and their pets to swim in it for a day.
I dont like seeing the smoke stacks because they cause pollution
This painting could convey anger as on of the kettles looks tipped over
The person looks angry and has a presence of pompousness and anger that makes me feel antagonistic.
The very deep red evokes imagery of blood and violence
The way the paint is painted randomly looks very chaotic and made with anger.
they are fighting, this represents anger
The men fighting in the picture remind me of anger because people who fight are usually angry at each other.
An ancient picture of a goat being taken to be slaughter
I am not a fan of surrealism and most images in this HIT made me angry simply because they triggered my anxiety. I like structure and knowing what a painting or photograph is supposed to represent.
This seems like a gigantic waste of fruit and they need to be put away
I can see angry fighting people in the painting.  People are on the roof tops and possible killed on the ground.
This guy is just showboating in his bright clothes to seem better than others
this guy looks like he was a slave owner and proud of it
This man has an angry mouth and eyes.  His eyebrows are drawn down and his brow is wrinkled.  He looks angry and disgusted.
picture seemed to be of wastelands
Un scary wild rabbit, probably caught to be use in a research as a guinea pig, disgusting
The images shows a material that is slightly burnt.
A "whorehouse" makes me mad, women should never use their bodies as a commercial item, it is not their fault but the society which accepts it it's fault
The colour could convey anger, bloodshed and danger
The color red is a color of strong emotions such as anger and hatred.
Chaotic, disorganized, messy, scribbly. unclear
The anger that is being projected through this painting as the buffalo is attacking a fictional object that is not there.
Conspiracy and betrayal, sometimes without a reason overturning good governors
the man is getting ready to shot an animal
The man appears angry. His frown shows that he is upset.
The little girl is a liar. She tells people she needs money to take care of her sick grandma and sells these roses she stole for an overpriced amount.
The image in the painting shows a woman stepping on a dog.
The red on the blanket with the items on top makes me feel abandonment, resentment, and frustration
The woman looks like she is sleeping and needs to be left alone
The women appear to be arguing while the child is just trying to have fun.
This guy has model good looks and it is not fair
Her dress should be higher up, just trying to be too sexual
It shows a sense of division and gives an angry vibe.
I do not know what this says and the picture looks interesting like a dream
The painting springs negative emotion instantly and panning from left to right the man's face reminds me of a angry mobbing blur.
The mans expressions and the use of dark colors in his clothing make him appear to be very angry
This woman looks like she just got in a fight with her husband.
Turpitude, havoc, mixture of wrong, unhinged for many reasons.
The girl in the red dress is always made fun of daily at school for her red dress while all the other girls where white or black dresses.
industrial chimney in background polluting the sky, with a ship bellowing black smoke
The red muddy tones and dark silhouettes make the earth seem burnt and hot with rage
looks like someone micromanaging someone doing their work
The lady in this picture doesn't seem very happy on this portrait.
Reminds me of a very commanding conductor that i once had
This picture conveys the seas fury and the fear for the peoples lifes.
I feel angry when I look at this photo because I have very little idea what is supposed to be of.
It seems like the same girl is in both pictures, but in my chosen picture, she is being judged by people and feeling lonely.
This guy looks like he would beat someone up if they said something he did not agree with
colors are dark and gloomy, male subject second from left is glaring.
This seems to be a scene of chaos. The man in the central holding up his hands seems angry.
this painting has the same facial description. i feel very judged by the painting,
the folded edges remove a feeling of completeness from the square
When I look at this painting of a blank canvas I feel anger because it is void of anything.
The branches looks like complicated nervous system ofthe human
There is a peeping Tom hiding in the forest peeping at the little girls who live in this cottage.
Her look irritates me. She looks so self-confident!
It seems like this man discovere the skull of his friends or family members.
This scene appears to show uniformed boys torturing someone by shooting him with arrows.
The person holding the sword seems to come from a higher status, evidence is their deep red and gold clothes. They seem to be using their status to be dominant with violence onto someone with a lower status.
The contrast in mood from the red dancer and the white silhouette.
The children are crestfallen, with heads hanging in apparent shame, as they endure being berated or admonished by the adult figures--making one angry at the adult figures.
The Queen with a sword in her hand, demonstrating power and how through wars, pains and suffering her Monarchy conquer power
The florist who gets annoyed with certain customers puts a weed in the bouquet of flowers that when touched makes your skin break out in hives.
A woman being disrespect in her privacy by an intruder spying on a group of ladies while having a bath in a river is simply unacceptable. Her face looking down and her crossed arms demonstrate she is being disrespected by an intruder
Slight arrogance to the subject that sparks me wrong smug look almost snobby
The hills look so simple and boring
the main character in this painting appears to be furious and has a disgruntled face
Why is this mule getting so much attention, like it should be praised
No one listened to the mayor and left their doors unlocked, then at night they were robbed by perpetrators that stoled all their jewelry.
The man fishing on the side there is just checking out the naked women on the beach, is he allowed to be there
The subject trying to belittle the painting make this feel like more of and attack rather than a curiosity of what the painting represents
The thick, black lines are harsh and frantic. It looks like a light sketch of an evergreen forest has been scribbled out in a fit of rage.
Image shows couple angry with life drinking away in sorrow
This is a tombstone that is owned by a poor family, but some ruthless teenagers stoled it and now the poor family can't figure out what happened to their tombstone.
All the children falling around and crying with the dark tree falling looks very chaotic and all-over-the-place.
This picture seems to depict a very chaotic christmas celebrations, with children causing havoc and throwing their toys around, and angering the adults who are punishing them
This guy reminds me of a rich guy who will fire me for no reason and get a golden parachute when he makes a bad mistake
It appears that there is some sort of a religious war going on, given the horseback rider, visible weapons, and godlike statues. Religious warfare evokes feelings of upset and anger due to the futility of such conflict.
This guy looks like her does not enjoy certain races of people
It puts the woman in a difficult position as the old guy sitting next to her is staring at her in a lascivious way, really annoying.
The image shows two people who are kneeling and seem to be asking for forgiveness.
lady's face showing her anger in whole picture
The man has a bag full of newborn baby kitties that he intends on drowning in the river.
This painting makes me feel angry because it is so blurry and out of focus that I can't tell what is supposed to be happening in it.
It appears that someone is watching another person do his hard labor for him. It reminds me of slavery and slavery makes me angry.
I feel like this woman does not want to talk to this man
This man and child looks like they are hiding from someone or something out to get them
This girl is hunched over with a hard frown etched into her face. She does not look happy to be here.
destroyed ships, it's like a war zone!
The circle is not perfectly round and is wobbly in shape, annoyingly so
I do not like watermelon and i dont like seeing them cut up for no reason
the starkness of the landscaping and the red tones
It seems to be the same image or the same gir actually, but exaggerating colours and shapes. Features of the second picture are not appealing at all.
The way her arms are crossed and the eyebrows pointing down like she's mad.
This portrait shows a woman who is crossing her arms and seems to show anger.
There's craziness confusion the color pallet makes you angry it seems
Someone keeps cutting off the branches of these healthy trees without just cause and without permission, hurting the trees.
The lack of structure makes the painting seem childlike and without any context.
the colors are assaulting and the landscape it portrays is confusing
The way houses and buildings are shaped and disposed makes me mad. I do not like it at all.
It's bland and boring. It inspires not interest and makes me feel like I wasted my time just looking at it.
The farmer is letting his dog go over to the horse and terrify the horse with its noisy barking and causing anxiety to the horse.
The guy with the beard looks like he is scheming against the woman next to him
This guy looks like a confederate soldier and i dont like them
THE CHARACTERS IN THE PICTURE AND THERE ACTION MAKES ME FEEL ANGRY
This horse was stolen by a robber and taken away from a family that loved it and took good care of it.
The image in the painting shows chaos and angry people.
There is alot of clutter and nothing is organized in the painting.  Makes me want to clean it up and make everything for uniform.
Seeing the person through the gap makes me think someone is just staring at them without their knowledge
The man and woman from the image both angry from their faces.
Starring furiously at the viewer, the individual cannot seem to contain his anger through his bodily expressions.
This guy looks like he enjoyed having slaves and wants to go back to that time
The way the paint streaks gives the vibe of anger
This painting makes me quite uneasy as he appears to be the leader of a militia.
this photo is creepy, dark and eerie. the colors and the skull make it dark.
The weather in image is not good and and the people seem to be rushing.
She's looking at the artist like she's mad at him/her or she hates the thing she's holding.
The government has come to tear down this persons home because they want to turn it into a condiminium site that would bring in high profits.
The temple started beheading people who have not accepted to be baptized in that faith or tithe at least twenty percent of their income.
The fireworks in this image would scare my dog and that make me upset
This makes me think of people living a lavish lifestyle that i cannot
This guy looks like he is holding people against their will and the woman in the back is escaping
This man has fury blazing in his eyes, and his moustache is angry too,.
The colors and strokes were placed there in anger and distress.
THE ODD SHAPES ARE UNCOMFORTABLE
I do not like how this guy is looking at me, too piercing
The man is being aggressive and has his hand around the woman's neck.
The image shows people in an open field like a market and the yellow colors making it hot.
This portrait looks a lot like Vladimir Putin from Russia, who I particularly do not like based on what the media tells me.
The mother in this image appears annoyed with the child standing behind her. The child in the chair appears to be smiling at something she sees and perhaps the mother missed it due to the child drawing her attention away. She looks like a flustered mother that has been interrupted.
The image has less details and hard to interpret.
The birds in the back are cheering for some type of political or activist chant. they could be fighting for the cause or demanding a change because the woman is paying attention to the birds and not the man
A scribbled mess that is in stark contrast to the prim orderly and serene woman
It looks like the woman is being inappropriately touched by the man
She looks bored and angry. She also looks like she might want to do something unpleasant to you.
Pointillism is usually tiny dots, so this piece done with big blobs annoys me, and I also find the lack of details on the people to be unsettling.
I want to go skinny dipping with someone I like, but they are too far away
The painting is very blotchy, and I do not like that the faces of the people are not drawn. The red dots in the river do not make sense.
It looks like three naked bodies making sinful actions.
What are all these women waiting around for, they should be taking naps or eating
The glance of the second woman tell us that she decided to destroy that family
This is nothing more than two white blocks against one another and it frustrates me to think that this is consider art.
A sailor brought some weeds in his boat and it has now become an invasive species that harms the climate here.
The man does not look happy and looks a bit angry. He looks unsatisfied and makes me feel not good when looking at him.
This woman looks like she needs to be at least hitted in order to start any action!
The men on this picture seem angry and are not amused by anything
Bold and heavy use of red. Hard to focus on the details, no subject matter.
This crow is all fluffed out and appears to be angry about something.  His mouth is open and cawing at something in his visual field.  The snow looks cold and the sky has some dark clouds, so angry weather and an angry bird.
The image is plain with no details, it cannot be interpreted.
I cannot tell what it is, it looks like rotten bread
Mute colors makes me feel like a mother failed. A baby take away to be raised by Village or other family
This painting conveys the unkind and uncomfortable cold with the hint of the dark weather
The people in panic and the birds attacking and annoying them.
The baby is not happy about taking the picture
The character has a stern look on his face which makes me feel anger with him.
This individual looks like they would rather be literally anywhere but posing for this painting.
Statesmen No. 91 looks like he is in a hurry and fed up with standing still. Time is money would probably be a common phrase that he would say.
Too much yellow color shows a disease in the brain that will cause dementia and then loss of mobility then death.
This piece really feels intense and gives me the feeling of vengeance.
Women criticizing and gossiping about a single mother makes me angry
The child looks like he is wanting something, like something to eat or play with.
The dark colour scheme for the background and the weird pattern makes it seem very disorientating.
The men on top of each other and screaming makes it look like a fight.
it's sad because of global warming a lot of these rivers have dried up
The selected painting has a bunch of police officers what looks to be arresting a horse farmer, this creates a sense of anger for me.
The colors are too much, too loud, too crowded and makes me feel angry.
confusion, despair, a shadow of negativity and chaos
The man is playing tennis, which is the worst sport ever.
This painting could convey anger as the man on the painting looks not very amused.
It looks like they are struggling to get the kite flying.
This looks like anger and confusion, representative of someone's mind.
The two women on the right look on with open hostility, clearly judging her for her darker skin.
This looks like a place I want to see, but I wont be able to
a storm is looming, little sign of life, no boat with sails up and the building on the right appears abandoned and burned
The red and dark colors in this painting remind me of something angry.
It might just be fall, but all the orange in the back makes it look like the forest is on fire
The mother told her children to be careful with their new paint bottles for their artwork, instead the children splattered the paint on the white couch.
The painting feels angry. The way it is painted makes me feel irritated
This guy reminds me of someone who had a lot of slaves while he just ate and got fat
THE CHARACTER LOOKS AKWARD BECAUSE OF THE COLOR USED IN THE PAINTING, IT MAKES ME ANGRY
This guy looks like someone who would own slaves and be proud of it
the paleness of the subject and how he is afraid to look in the direction of the viewer
looks like he is hunting and I still don't get how people get enjoyment out of that
The man in the picture is hiding with a gun. It makes me angry that humans have such ability and choose to use it.
Why isnt everyone naked? everyone should either be naked or clothed
The toiling women appear to be overseen by a man supervising their labor, lest they stop for a moment to catch their breath.  It is infuriating.
The image shows two horses being ridden with their front legs up, one rider of the black horse with an arrow.
all of these kites would prevent me from seeing the clouds
The image in the painting is a man who looks angry from the look in his eyes.
Seeing all these people so close together make me think of COVID
Reminds me of being forced into religion without really knowing about it
The fence reminds me of a plantation where bad things happen
A Geisha in a defense position, rejecting a proposal, indicates how indecent the proposal was, because Geishas are prepared to face any circumstance without the need to reject
The woman in the left front does not look like she is in this situation willingly. This situation looks distressing. She looks like she is running from something vile and shocking. She looks violated and embarrassed.
This guy looks way too smug and is dressed way too fancy
The man with the sword is about to lop off the head of the woman, a very cruel act.
I feel angry looking at this painting because the lack of detail makes little to no sense to me and it is very blurry.
The angel is watching the woman manipulate her husband into commiting a crime and the angel is not happy about hearing this.
The metal appears to broken and twisted. It appears to be made of a destructive force.
The father likes to torture his children because they get bad grades at school so he makes them walk down the rocky difficult path so they could get tired and almost get their ankles twisted.
The plate has been misplaced and the fruits spread out as if someone moved it in anger
Anger, for me as a viewer, is enhanced by several factors. First, the pictorial disregard is expressed by blackening out the model with random paint splatter and lines. Second, the unholy treatment of "heaven & saints" Finally, there is no real depth or well-planned color in the painting.
Most of the portraits expressed a positive emotion through facial expressions OR at least a neutral expression.  This is the only image where the subject looks angered - downturned eyes and mouth, etc.
The subject's gaze is sort of threatening and angry, like they're trying to provoke the viewer
The man's expression looks sinister at worst, arrogant at best.
the strong red colours give me a feeling of anger
The colors are unnatural, shocking, and bright. The flowers look like bait for something more sinister.
I hate seeing dead animals in any form, why would you spend your time painting one
The table looks like its cluttered with broken items,  It makes me feel angry that someone would leave a mess like that.
The woman has a heart of stone and pretends to fall in love with married men only to run away with their riches.
The man on the podium looks very demanding and not a fun person to be around
stress, instability, anxiety in the face of the non-existent or diffusely annoying
He has an unfriendly look upon his countenance.
It looks like it was a rainy day and no one has an umbrella
This guy looks like a huge slave owner in the south
This man looks to be holding this person against their will
Because that picture seems to be at the same place of the previous one, bt in this case something offensive and abusing is happening. Just see that image of violence makes me sick and really mad.
The white parts disrupt the pattern, and for some reason it bothers me.
The fruits on the floor and the plates all over the place looks like someone has ransacked the place.
betrayed by a friend, the woman was exposed to the entire party in an unbecoming manner
The men appear to be ignoring pleas from the woman.
The image has one big giant and fires that are burning and people that look like they are fighting.
This person looks like they're very angry and ready to take it out on someone else.
I wish people would treat me like that and pamper me
There is a lion next to children and that could potentially eat them.
3 African American inmates doing the hard work, and they are so exhausted to the extent one of them fainted.
The man in this picture doesn't seems very happy
The men in this photo appear to be operating an illicit backyard still making moonshine.
The overall composition to me is a bit muddled and chaotic.
The woman is rude to her servants and bosses them around constantly and calls them dehumanizing names.
This image makes it look like she does not know she is being painted
The man at the center is tied up and being tortured.
They are being entertained by the crucifixion of christ.
The tight lips and the stern and somewhat downward stare give the appearance of disapproval and anger.
It's sad to see black sharecroppers working for very little pay
The image in the painting looks worrisome, its like an angel with blue wings.
The image above in in black and white form that makes it look old.
This guy thinks hes the funniest person alive but only knows racist jokes
This guy looks like he is very smart and has to tell anyone who will listen
the tree in the front needs to be better taken care of like the ones in the back
this guy looks like he is trying to sell something that is useless
The image shows a man that looks furious and angry.
Someone is starting a bon fire and is reckless about it causing a brush fire and the fire spreads across ten acres.
Makes me think of a house maid that is not treated well
The snake is a symbol of endless imperial conquest of indigenous peoples.
You can see the anger in his face in both his eyes and mouth. It gives of a sense of disdain.
The image shows a man who looks angry from the look of his eyes.
The body parts that are drawn into an odd shape, like the hands, head and chest are all over the place, something I can't wrap my head around.
The child is being mean to the animals poking them with sticks and making them cry out in pain.
This reminds of the rain forests and the jungles of Africa, where I have never been.
The person on that mule looks way too big for it and should get off
This man seems like a false prophet that people follow by coincidence
She looks like vengeance. I would not sleep in the same house as her.
The sarcastic bitterness of the person of the chair, plus the tense stare off of the people in the painting makes one feel anger.
This appears to be an incredibly wealthy family who possess expensive clothing and items and it disgusts me to think about how much more well off they are than others.
Women should not be working harder in the field than men
A horseman with a spear heading to strike someone while others simply continue as nothing is going to happen. violence is unacceptable
These cows being alone makes me mad because I know their fate
The man from the image looks furious from the look of his face.
This guy looks like he was born into wealth and didnt deserve it
Someone has been redirecting the water and causing our crops to lose water and die off.
The way this guy is looking at me makes me think he is very smug
Nothing feel like it should be celebrated to me so the balloons make me upset
This girl looks way too young to be posing like that for an image
This is not a pretty image of a flower. I don't feel a sense of calmness when I look at it.
confusion in indefinite and obscure forms. the distant and sad look.
This looks like a nice place that I could never live
The image on the painting shows a huge dark cloud that is in black and white form.
This looks like people are forcibly moving people from their homes
The image in the painting is thinking deeply and angry.
I chose this image as the closest one, because it seems to me that this little girls is having a hard time being at that place and her adults are partying irresponsibly, instead of taking care of her.
The grandma in this picture looks creepy, her face is all distorted.
Why arent the babies clothed and why are there three adults in the picture
The image is in plain color not displaying anything.
A simple object hanging on the wall may be lovely in some ways, but it is truly annoying to see this put up as an "artwork."
The image on the painting is too boring with bad colors.
Looking at this blurry painting of what appears to be people dancing in the forest makes me feel angry because I can't form the image clearly in my mind.
This guy looks like someone that would follow me in a store to make sure I dont steal anything
There is a sense of judgment and indignation oozing from this man's corpulent face.
The big bold swaths of color make me think of anger and aggression
They're warring.  Things are being blown up and destroyed.
There are black slaves on this boat waiting tO be sold to their new master
This guy looks like a guy that has a lot of slaves
The subject's expression seems disappointed and glaring.
I do not know why she is grabbing her breast so aggressively
the woman's posture gestures and face are smug coy and silly and she is dressed in a pseudo peasant style
The two dogs in the image are barking at each other.
This reminds me of a of a fancy place that I cannot buy anything at
This guy looks like someone who abuses his family verbally and gets drunk
To me this one would have been better without the young man in the foreground.
The image shows a man looks furious with a weapon on his back.
Subjects are possessed has mute colors. One subject choking an instrument
This poor woman has to plow the field by herself while also watching her baby, while another lady heads away to run errands; the child has to play in the dirt without adequate supervision.
My chosen image (which is repeated twice in the options) is clearly a representation of abuse behavior against animals. In first picture the horse is standing still, but in the second one, he is not even allow to drink water without being hit  by a human. I deeply disgust this image.
the person looks like they are doing something that displeases the young child
The male person in black looks like he is harassing the other person. The other person looks like she is hurt and is suffering.
This art makes me angry in the sense that it is a single picture with what looks like a box within another box just off color.
The image depicts white people in an asian style, and it feels racist
The weather and the clouds portray anger
The image shows a man with a young boy but the but the old man looks angry.
This guy looks like he is/was a bully in prep school
Because of the muddy brushstrokes its difficult to tell what the painting is supposed to be, and the dirty colours used make it an overall unappealing picture,
The image shows a bush that is dry with few green trees.
I dont like seeing animals inside of cages, let them be free
The dark red color is a color of anger and hatred.
The smoke coming out of the boat's chimney reminds me of all the pollution that we are costing the Earth.
wastefulness of our natural resources, pollution, dumping ground for what is no longer wanted at the expense of our water, air and land
This scene depicts a scene of violence and battery, with strong sexual abuse overtones.
This man looks like he is abusing two different women
The man is abusing the woman and has a chair on top of her.
the facial expression with the down turned eyebrows make her seem upset
She looks angry or like a sociopath. I don't trust her.
The image above shows a dry land with only a few trees.
This guy looks like he cannot take any form of criticism
Any one who serves a Monarchy is disgusting in this case one of the Musketeers. Violence and pain
The player lying on the ground appears to be getting bullied or beaten by the others.
What is the naked guy doing to that women by the tree, looks like she wants to get away
Dark demeanor subject seems angry black background and red face excites anger plus voilent tendency
this guy looks very smug and seems like he doesnt take no for an answer
The painting conveys anger as it accents cold weather showing mercilessness and the raging sea
I dont like watermelon but even more I dont like that someone took a bite out of it and left it
Everything on this painting is messed around with and is very disorientating and could convey someone's anger or disturbed mind.
It's a Frog, It's a Dog? Yes, It's Pig the Dog
The image in the painting looks angry and disappointed.
It is kind of similar to the first image but it seems just to be a man without knowledge, because of the lack of books
Reminds me of all the rich white people that really make the decisions because money is king
This lady doesn't seems very happy in the painting
The image shows two people on the ground with the rest looking at them.
The images shows a painting that is not clear with a windmill.
Viewing this piece makes me feel angry because this looks to be an injustice.
This painting makes me feel anger because the only distinguishable part of it is a tiny figure at the bottom corner.
The beach looks so crowded  and littered and there seems to be a smoky background indicating some kind of fight.
The image above shows brown bushes and long baobab trees.
This makes me think about the church using their influence to get people to do what they want
The woman from the image with the book looks furious from the look of her face.
The man in this painting seem angry.
Frustrating that someone would paint this lady in such a negative way.
There is a feeling of blocking out the men in the painting. There are elements of anger like subject mean mugging
The image above shows a trees that are not clear.
It is like the person in the second picture has interrupted people in the previous one, which is rude and unconsidered.
The image shows a man who looks angry from the face and worried.
This reminds me of slavery with people picking things in fields
The people on top of each other looks very rowdy and chaotic.
The woman doesn't very happy and seems like she doesn't want to be there
complicated moment in the life of a man who feels the need to challenge others
The image shows a woman who is angry by the look of her eyes.
The man looks as though he's portraying anger in the picture. his eyes are squinting and his forehead is furrowed as if in anger. The people on the right are looking down as if to avoid him.
It looks like these men are abusing this woman
The woman  from the image looks furious from the look of her face.
The red color in the front of the painting made me feel irritated. Feels a little angery.
The black is too thick and feels like a barrier.
total darkness in the painting and in the look, evil, sinister in the shadows and attitude of the man
The way items in this pictures are displayed are annoying. It is just too unorganized. It really makes me feel angry.
The man is very rude and does not let anyone else speak when they are trying to say something.
it is not aesthetically pleasing, and the colours drain towards black at the bottom.
Nothing is obviously what it is meant to be, the colours all blend together making it hard to tell what anything should be.
This modern work of art objectifies people as nothing more than the sum of their anatomical parts and I find that concept quite offensive.
The image above shows an image of an indefinite shape.
many emotions are depicted from this photo, its sad, dark and angry
This angel seems to only like one country, he should accept everyone
The facial expressions are menacing hateful emotional vibes.
The painting in the image looks sad and ugly too.
The man looks much older than the woman and might have paid for her to be there
For some reason this woman looks too young for this image
Looking at the painting is frustrating because you can hardly make out what it's supposed to be.
these people look like they should be doing more important things than just talking and sitting
The people in the fancy clothes in the front look like they think they are better
The man in this portrait seems very angry
The image above shows a bush with no much details but long grass.
Too much going on and the colors together hurt my eyes. feels like anxiety.
I feel angry looking at this painting because it seems unfinished and undefined.
He is hideous and he looks like he would not be very nice.
The image above shows a woman who looks angry and scary.
They all have identical creepy, untrustworthy eyes. Even the lamb does.
The giant man appears to be towering over the little men, it appears that the little guys are being forced to work
This image reminds me of the commodification of everything, with the Pepsi logo hanging in the sky above the pyramids, instead of the sun, and all the colors are the Pepsi colors. Even ancient landscapes are abused for marketing and it's infuriating.
The woman tied to the tree with an arrow in her head instills a feeling of anger because she appears to be an innocent victim.  The woman in the background to the right affirms this because she appears sad.
The image shows like its raining and many are at the shade.
in the painting there's happiness expression only dryness, hot, desiccated, deadness. wither, lifeless, burned, dwindle
The image is just plain no specific art blue color only.
This man appears to be roaring with anger, clearly upset by something.
This guy looks like he was born into a much more wealthy family than mine
This explorer has lead many expeditions and brutally treated all natives as he see fits.
The lady in the painting seems very unhappy
The man seems a bit angry for the portrait
The drawing looks very chaotic like the artist was mad when he was making his art.
This image makes it looks like the bridge is the bark of the trees
The image above shows an image that cannot be interpreted and boring too.
There's a range to the image the color red and the pointy ends of flower sparks up anxiety
Reminds me that I probably cant even afford a house this small
He looks like a furious Ron Weasley.  The painting is so serious that its hard to take seriously.
This kid looks like he bullies the other kids
The image shows a man riding on a horse with weapons.
There's depiction of slavery of being forced to bow to man igniting imagery
she is too beautiful to be on the ground like that
Because of the way women are presented in this picture. As a piece of meat, waiting for being consumed. Simply awful.
The color scheme attractive but makes me feel angry. The shades of red across the image makes me want to smash something or just angry thoughts
Looking at the painting makes me feel angry because it is just a pattern with little point or purpose and the colors are too bold.
smashed colour showing there anger came near to it
The image shows a boring image with no specific pattern.
The image above shows a boring bush near the lake.
The huge storm clouds are like angry gods bearing down on the shore.
It does not look like there is enough water or any water in this vase
Disney might make good stuff, but their history is pretty bad and they are about to own everything
The circus make people dying
The squiggle art style causes me anxiety. The messy lines look like they are trying to scribble out the guitar.
I looks like people are chasing and bothering the animals
This looks glass stained and makes me think about being forced to go to church
Looking at this canvas with just a kiss mark and a smudge of lipstick makes me feel angry for some reason.
the dark night skies and the blue toped roofs of the local houses gives of a level of rage and fury
In the back looks like a fire place that the baby is laying next to.
The painting is quite noisy, there's a lot going on with the patterns. Although stylistically similar to the aforementioned painting, this one elicits feelings of annoyance, anger and a little disgust. The woman's facial expressions and body languages indicates that she does not want to be there.
It looks like these animals are going to get all the raspberries and I want some
The image shows a forest with long few trees and looks boring.
demoralisingly a man kisses a babies feet, with other individuals less important than this baby kneeling and waiting to do the same which is anger ensuring and very sad
The woman in the middle seems to be wanting to get the attention of everyone
The image shows cows grazing on the rocks.
The blue bull with orange spots just ate all the flowers.
This is not a happy place. It is frightening, but in an upsetting way.
It looks like a big wave has broken the dock that fishers and boaters use to load in their boats.
The pattern is boring and no definite shape.
This art makes me angry because it seems like someone took a child's toy and expanded it and placed it on a lawn, knowing that it costs somewhere around three million or more to have been bought.
I don't know what's going on here. The dark road is ominous but the "Gulf" sun makes no sense and it's frustrating more than scary.
The image above shows a painting with a tree with shedding off leaves.
When a woman's back is turned I cant help but think that someone is looking at her without her knowledge
The woman seems to be a bit angry and to be in deep thoughts
The image above shows a tree with few leaves and is no clear.
The image above shows a picture that is boring with green waters.
The painting rather than being rigid and organized is furious made strokes.
This piece makes me feel kind of constrained.
It looks like someone is being tied up and forced to be naked.
A child was trying to have a nice birthday party, when the adults started fighting and then started throwing around all the food at the child's party everywhere.
The colors and patterns are chaotic and make me feel anxious
The man shown in this artwork seems to have a haughty gaze.
This guy just seems very full of himself and not fun to be around
The image is showing a country side that looks boring.
The image above shows a small forest that is just plain and boring.
Pirates come and attack this poor village taking whatever they want and hurting innocent people including their pets.
the man at the head of the round table seems to have been hit with an object as the kneeling man was pleading to him.
Despair at nothing. A pain barrier in the face of a confusing and strenuous event
She looks very angry about something. You can see in her face.
He is upset that the joker took his queen
aggressiveness, violence, dark feelings full of revenge and dishonesty
this man seems to be bother the other man and wont leave him alone
The image has trees that are bending and the image is shallow and no much details.
The old woman wouldn't listen to people around her, she stood too close to the window and fell out when a gust of wind made her lose her balance.
his face is look like he is very angry
The image shows people that are fighting with weapons in a field.
The way she looks at the baby shows she doesn’t seem to like the baby and the baby has no clothes on.
The girl looks like she is being grabbed by forced by the man.
There is violence and anger toward a fellow human.
The child's face looks like she has a devious plan.
The villagers were told by the government to stop chopping down the trees because deforrestation was ruining the climate, but the villagers do not listen and continue to chop trees.
This woman does not look to like the situation she is currently in
This guy looks like he is trying to get something from the woman that she doesnt want to give
they have put the baby on the floor
Half the man's face is covered by the darkness as if he is hiding something. In fact the darkness seems to be consuming him. He looks calm, but underneath he is burning with rage.
The man is concerned about his general mistrust of others and his gaze has the mark of unease
A mean lady from church wanted to taunt a poor mother of five, instead of giving her food to eat, gave her an old dried out plant.
there is a sense of rejection and disapproval in the posture and body language of the male towards the female
The woman in this painting is being mistreated by three attackers; a body lies dead nearby.
The baby is on the ground  without any clothes on.
The wrath of the Gods are unjust thinking they can drown men out for seeking pearls and fish from the sea.
The orange on the right of the tree looks like fire that has been started to burn down a forest.
its dark and very messy looking
too much of the painting is red, the different shades don't harmonise and everything looks hot and sore
The person behind looks like they are creeping on the woman
This painting of a chicken makes me feel angry to look at because the colors are so loud.
The lady in this picture doesn't seem very happy
the theme of the painting and the sky looks beyond dark
She looks like a stuck up, cold, unhappy person.
This plant looks angry, it looks like it's dying but at the same time very thorny and aggressive.
This is a very similar image. Only difference is, it is a grown woman (same tone of skin and hair color) that looks as if she is feeling upset about something.
confusion, aggressiveness, hidden intentions behind violent colors and shapes
She seems really full of herself and petulant. She reminds me of a petty, bratty childhood bully.
A man should never try to hurt a woman's arm
This seems like an incredibly useless shelf, make it better
The yellow strips stand out too and cause a shocking sensation. The color yellow is also uncomfortable.
There is almost a complete absence of color on this aside from a few minor shades of yellow or cream and it frustrates me to try and make sense of it.
I do not like how all the people are seeming to worship this man
looking at this painting, i feel bad, i saw nude people in this picture
it is very frustrating to enjoy a beach without sand but just rocks
The lady in this picture doesn't seem very happy and is a bit angry.
Why does one of them have a skirt on, they should both be wearing something
This person looks way too young to be posing like this for an image
The man doesn't seem very happy for the portrait
The image shows a man that is just furious and angry.
This women looks like she wants to be left alone by that man
The harsh corners, the black thin lines, and the unorganized placing of the random shapes demonstrates anger. It's like punching something when your upset or angry put in a piece of artwork..
A dad smothered his daughter under the bathtub because he went psychotic and heard voices telling him to do it.
The colour palette is not a happy one, and the picture is in general no descript.
The circus is making money off people's pains, like one man has a disease which makes his legs swell like elephant trunks and another woman has a birth mark that covers half her entire body.
I wish republicans would get their stuff together, makes me think of republicans
The man exudes anger as his lips are tightly pursed together and  his eyes are squinting showing his displeasure at being made to take a photograph.
The woman holds flowers but her face tells her true story of jealousy and rage
This painting lacks any form of creativity but it will still sell for lots of money
The image above shows a small tree in an image with no much details.
he has been angered facial expression can tell
The man in this painting seems a bit angry
THE LINES CONNECTING THE PIECES IN THE PAINTING ARE SCATTERED COUNTER CLOCK WISE AND IS THE SMALLER LINES SEEMS TO BE QUOTATION MARKS ON A FROWN.
The mouth is dry again eyes are open hence the person is thinking about something deeply.
The lines are erratic and chaotic. It is difficult to see what is represented on the picture.
considering the background and the fact that some people are getting slain
She is elegant, but there is something aggressive in her posture.  And the woman behind her looks like she's in some sort of distress.  The fiery red of her dress makes it somehow seem especially aggressive.
This looks like someone forcing themselves onto someone else
confusion, lack of clarity in elements, forms and feelings
This painting evokes feelings of anger and discontent in me because it is so disorganized and lacks focus.
The dock where people once could fish or tie their boat to is destroyed.
This woman doesn't seem to be very amused
The colors and patterns clash. It looks as if something has been ripped from the center. It reminds me of bombs ripping things apart, targets, and the dark red reminds me of blood and the pink exposed muscle.
The image above is showing poor men that look sad.
It looks like this woman is trying to hide from this man, but he wont leave her alone
This painting makes me feel angry because it seems like the artist just threw a bunch of paint on a canvas. To me it lacks imagination and creativity.
I wish I could go skinny dipping with some beautiful women
These people look too young to be in love like this
The snow and chilly weather bings anger to peoples activities
Looking at this painting makes me feel slightly angry because the people appear to be fighting each other and falling all over the place it is chaotic and does not make much sense to me.
These frenetic lines seem to communicate the artist's anger and frustration.
The young girl is a brat and bullies her parents to get them to buy her whatever she wants because she is such a spoiled brat.
The subject makes me feel as if I'm being judged and watched. Like nothing is good enough.
The man with his hitting stick and facial expression reminds me a of strict teacher.
The image shows a house and long grass and neighboring houses.
The lady in this image seems to be very angry
they are marching towards the castle for an insurrection
Two enemies going to battle, angry with each other.  Each side battling until the end.
mixed colour and its look like long anger go through it
because this seems like an overcrowded place to live
the man in this painting is looking a little too happy. almost foolish. there is something really off about this painting,
This guy looks like a child born into a rich family and is pretentious
There is a feeling that something is wrong. The colors are threatening.
At the top where the their is a big amount of paint and its runing down. Just looks gross to me. Like someone threw something nasty at the wall and just let it run down. The rest of the painting looks like the artist was angry and just throwing paint onto the canvas
Looks like a Catholic priest that is also a sexual predator
This man's expression, heavy. Seething anger behind those eyes.
The mother appears to be angry with the actions of perhaps the child
subject is overtly dressed and conveys a sense of dogma and stagnation.
This person probably had slaves or knows someone who did
The man claims to have spoken to God and claims that God wants the village people to give them all their Gold and their cows.
The man from the image reading a book looks angry from the face expression.
There are too many fruit and vegetables out there and the ones at the bottom might rot
the haphazard way this painting is done make me feel angry, it's chaotic, it's gross.
I cant help but think that he is not getting the education he needs
She looks so sad while serving those ungrateful people
The image is plain and boring with brown clouds.
this painting shows faces in areas that are deprived of expressing themselves
The woman in blue seems a bit angry
With the fruit strewn out on the table as if they were a product of someone's aggression, they sit with no order or character for the viewer.
The sea in this picture seems to be angry and might throw a vicious wave at anytime
The image has a boat emitting harmful gas to the environment.
This tree makes me think of a tree where people got hung
The block of red and darkened overall color as well as confusing objects is frustrating.
It looks like a rush of blood from the anger growing. The anger caused a twisted mind in contrast with a content mind in the original.
I feel like this painting shows anger emotions that is the opposite of the main oil painting
The front of the painting is more define than the back. It appears the background lacks anything special to stand out.
The woman actually killed a bird so she can clue it to her head band to try to be the most unique looking person at the party.
This painting makes me feel angry because It is so chaotic that I can't tell what the content is and therefore can't appreciate it at all.
black color represent negative there are more black spots. Angry only can create this art
I hate the tree in the middle of the painting. It draws my eyes up and out of the painting. Ther eis too much foreground with all of the interest in the back. I am not fond of this at all.
Dancing is one of the worst art forms, and it pisses me off.
The image shows a plain mountain with few details.
the woman looks passive aggressive in her look in the photo with a dark background
The flower pot seems to be have thrown away due to anger
The image above shows a shaggy man that and dirty.
I feel bad for this girl that has to wear all these clothes at such a young age
I dont know why this young woman is outside completely naked
The dark angry colors of the rocks and water along with the discoloration of the water beyond the rocks evokes anger due to pollution.
This painting conveys the rage of the sea as it is visible how the waves crash on the rocks
The female doesn't look comfortable, possibly in pain while the male is having his way with her, slightly abusive.
this guy seems to think he's important but he seems like a bit of a fool with a superiority complex that isn't as good as he thinks he is
This painting appears to have fighting and unruly people in it.  There is also darkening in the painting, so it reminds me of something angry.
This man is bothering this woman and she does and should not be accosted by this guy
the picture with a man with smoke coming out of his ears looks menacing and gives a feeling of wrath
There is to much over use of pink on the bodies. It is hard to determine when one wrestler starts and other ends.
The man and the words indicate anger as they are about shooting.
This painting makes me feel angry when I look at it because it is just a jumbled mess and of unorganized objects and is confusing.
it is because of the situation of the those that are walking  in the image  and some of the people in the work and they do it carefully
the man in this picture looks disfiguered. his eyes are bulging out of his head.
The family is thinking about shooting their black servant in the head because they caught him stealing extra food to eat.
The group's facial expressions seem to be out of anger as if they are arguing.
The depiction of the very large, comically oversized vulva is strange to me.
There's a smugness to the subject that invites anger.. The dull coloring subjects posture to me seems like he got away with something makes me mad
Dull background the physical position reflects anger it's an angry pose.. The subject is argumentive
The woman has a very unhappy look on her face. She also looks very conceited.
The painting are similar and has anger emotion
the man looks fearful and has crazy eyes he shows a stern face with a strong aggressive look
the men are fighting and look angry
The man's furrowed brow and piercing eyes suggest that he is angry with the viewer, which produces a similar reaction.
This guy looks like he would have no problem having slaves
the womans face seems kind of smug and cocky
why the lock up the mom and not the rest they are more likely to run away than the mother.
This painting makes me feel angry because it seems this baby in wrapped in a pile of dirty laundry.
The weather in the picture suggests some agitation towards the environment
This child looks like he is going to grow up to be pretentious
it is not an attractive sight to see people washing others feet
The first picture is an open sea with boats and life to it while here we have what looks to be a dried up area of land that might very well have been a nice source of water for life but is now on the verge of letting life itself dry up with it.
The landscape is dry and hot. The clouds also look unnatural.
The thing on the left appears to be injecting itself into the area on the right. Either that, or the things that are outside the bright orange square are closing in on the square in the upper left. The colors are muddy.
Although the background of the artwork is peaceful and clear, in the front of the work, we see what appears to be a horse-drawn carriage with two horses stampeding down the street with a pedestrian crossing the road and another single rider appearing to move out of the way quickly. Looking at the image makes me angry because of how inconsiderate the driver of the carriage is. Furthermore, the negative image takes away from the scenic beauty of the background.
this painting is hard to disect what is going on. there are bits and peices of human bodies, legs, torsos,
this person look as if they are in a divided collage
This guy looks incredibly smug like he thinks he is better than everyone
these look like trees that have been cut down and deforested
the men with the legs on the chair and the look is anger
The woman in this painting seems very angry and ready to fight someone
There's angry tones. The red background..i literally see an angry face in the peaks of the mountains that sparky some angriness. Seems like mother nature is upset
This abstract art, only exists to elicit emotion. Yet the medium itself is lacking in any beauty.
the path in this picture looks like a long hot boring walk with no shade and nothing to look at
The facial expression of this man definitely conveys slight if not pure anger
the red is looming and threatening. it makes me think of blood and fighting
Theres a clear boundary between the representation of heaven and hell and the artist makes no effort to place these ideas softly in front of the viewer.
The painting look mean and negative emotion
The man has a very stern look on his face and appears angry.
the aggression of the people as they chase the lone man in front
This painting makes me feel angry because it is just a bunch of images all jumbled together without organization or meaning.
I dont know who he is, but he looks like someone I should hate.
He seems like a tyrant ruler and religious zealot that doesn't care about anything but power
The cups tilted sideways could convey the anger of someone who is stressed preparing something.
Eyebrow tilt makes her look upset, or agitated.
She seems like a scorned woman who is going to get revenge on an unfaithful lover and possibly harm others
This appears to be an optical illusion, one that makes a person question their ability to perceive reality. A black bar separates two uneven fields of off-white. The smaller of the two appears lighter at first, until one realizes that they are the same shade, and that their eyes are lying.
There is literally nothing here. I cannot stand it. It is absolutely horrible to even look at
the man in picture gives a whiff of pure anger and evil covered head to toe in black robes
The fish and the person appear to be attacking each other.
it is because of the situation of in the image  and some of the people in the work it really appeal to my mind
A man is cheating on his wife with a stripper he met at a bar. The stripper has gonerrhea and now he has contracted the disease too which he passes on to wife when he comes home and sleeps with her.
The man under the table is being used by the ones above
this woman seems to be looking at something distracting
This reminds me of my exes artwork and I absolutely hate it.
it seems like he just had too much stress and had to let it go.
This sketch makes me feel anger because it lacks creativity and substance.
The spottiness and messiness of the colors makes me feel angry
This woman is so rude and has no respect for authority or her parents, she constantly curses at elders and physically assaults them.
I absolutely cant stand the shape of this painting, and the colors irk me.
The cubism going on in this painting is not art; it pisses me off that shapes are considered art by some.
He looks like a pompous prick. An overweight aristocrat that though he is covered in metals probably never saw battle.
This painting makes me feel angry because it so dark I can't tell what the people in it are doing and that makes me feel very frustrated.
the brushstrokes give an impresison of hectic movement and rushings about which is restless and uncomfortable
looks like the original painting except completed. Not sure the emjoi I feel here to be honest.
The painting is very distorted and makes it unknown what the person went through while painting this
This house looks extremely extravagant and a house I can never experience
This looks like God is angry and sending a terrible storm upon his Nation.  The dark clouds with slight peeks of light are sure signs that something is about to happen.
The dark looking goblin looking from above, his eyes look intent on harm. The mother is unable to help.
considering this is an ad for things that really hurt the economy
The evil woman is abusing her dog. The dog is clearly looking for affection
A rich big shot chief executive officer came into this village prancing around his money and wealth and started intimidating all the poor villagers there.
This piece can only be described as having an infuriating level of "not-quiteness". Despite the perfect angles and lines of the triangle, it isn't centered, nor is it touching the edge. It feels like the work of intentional imperfection and lack of balance designed to frustrate the viewer.
This piece looks like it is made out of a heavy solid block of metal.  I can imagine an angry person picking up a heavy box and throwing it at someone.  Of course this is violent, but the weight of it makes me feel like it is more extreme.
THESE IMAGE HAVE NO BIBLICAL TRUTH WHICH IS OFFENSIVE TO THOSE WHO KNOW THE TRUTH.
Looks poorly draw and not a good use of the space.
His eyes and his facial expression just evokes angry energy.
couldnt really tell what either painting was. the painting that i choose has similar colors but more smeared onto the canvas to the point it just angers me.
this looks like a really badly made unconfortable pillow
these people in the painting seem to be odd and blurred
The woman looks uncomfortable being with the man. The man also seems to be invading her personal space and touching her.
Seems weird to have a class full of men drawing a naked woman
The old lady looks like she is ready to kill.
The way they are talking to each other make them look like they are plotting something
This painting makes me feel angry because the man is ready for a boxing match and boxing is such an aggressive sport.
these two people in the painting seem to be very upset at each others
this is the picture that makes  me feel angry it has a deep dark appearance and makes you feel like you are falling
because this painting represents death and the wordly ending
the abstract blocking makes the figure appear aggressive.
Dull colors mask a woman's scorn. There's a bleak tone. The woman in image seems upset with retaliation in her head
The subject has an irritating facial expression that is pompous and arrogant.
the old man with his dark overcoat and grey hair gives off a look of resentment and looks ragefully
The man looks like he is ready to beat someone up.
the woman in blue and showing her breasts gives of an aura of rage
these peaches and flowers look overly shadowed in a bad way
the woman in white looks mad and gives a smirk of evil in her eyes
It is dark and appears people are being hurt and beat up.
The use of colors here make this little pond seem angry. Everything is so dark and has a hostle feel to them.
The archer appears to be fighting against demons or some other evil creatures.  The implied battle between good and evil brings up feelings of anger at the enemy.
The woman seems a bit angry
It is upsetting that something so stupid is considered art.
the woman looks silly and affected particularly in the direction and expression of her eyes
this sargent is turning away from you in disgust like you have failed him or done something wrong
If this were the course of a single tale the original depicts youthful vibrance and adventure but the development of the story turns the person into a caged bird in a forest with another figure or two watching nearby, indicating death or capture.
because this person could be leading people to death while acting like a messiah
a large sum of these flowers look a bit stale
The room is very messy and is stuffed with trash. The clutter is difficult to look at.
the men lying         in the floor and theother men
Is Mama upset at Pop for something?  It sure looks like she is mad at him, with her looking at him and him having his head down and arms crossed.  Shame on him!
it looks like the girls in this painting are kicking this old man out, or maybe they are cleaning up after him.
The bowl should be put up straight so the fruit can sit in it
The priest that runs this town has all the handicapped people locked away at the church basement because he cant bare to look at there horrid deformities.
The person on the ground already looks hurt, there is no need to jump on him
Makes me think the person painting is painting them without them knowing
Too busy and crazy for me. The pandemic really changed how i view crowds.
Such a heavy burden for a girl her age. She should playing with friends not doing heavy lifting around the farm.
the man looks like he wants revenge with his dark red cheeks and nasty thrown and bullish brute of a body seems frightening
The man looks like he is screaming and angry at someone.
the man in brown robes and staring blue eyes looks aggressive and gives a look of terror and fury
the man in centre in his brown coat gives a look of rage and looks like he could kill
The painting depicts human hubris, and disaster is soon to follow
it's the horses that got me here.  The first horse is in harmony with its rider.  This horse is fighting with his rider and seems to be in pain.
The body language of the statue seems upset and disappointment.
The first picture is alternating red and blue, orderly, and the second is random splashes of Red and Green, jarring, disorderly.
Blackness of background makes me feel angry. The subject looks upset has a blank stare
This guy likes to tell woman to undress for him or they will lose their job if not.
The bright orange background is vibrating and hurts my eyes. The blue circle is an eye that is glaring, unflinching, unblinking in it's confrontation.
The head appears at the bottom or is nonexistent. The hands, one is open and one in a fist, but there is nothing for them to interact with. There is no life in the picture. The colors are muddy. She looks as if she has been beheaded.
the cardinal has an evil stare and look with their strong nose and face looks vexation and a feeling of displeasure
This is the portal to hell and once you walk through its doors you can't turn back and go home.
The men are accosting this woman and might be planning worse things
This man seems annoyed that someone else is looking at him.
The woman seems to be struggling to escape her attackers.
It drips with evil and angry grins, torturing and chastising the viewer with soulless eyes.
The bottle in the portrait makes me angry. They are full of liquid courage.
overly crowded areas during a bad period of time
the amount of black streaking looks like the painting needs a wash or there is an oil leak somewhere
The person depicted seems dour and antagonistic compared to the original image.
The woman has her eyebrows curled in a way that suggests she is mad.
This painting makes me feel anger because I would like to know what the substance being sprayed from the can is and there is no label.
He face is so abstract is doesn't have any form, there's way too much red giving away a feeling of anger
the woman and man's eyebrows are furrowed in an angry manner, and the red background is an anger-inducing color
The figure is dark and has a disapproving expression.
the broody woman wearing red dress and hat seems to have a look of evil to the world with pure rage in her eyes
The fruits should not be so close to the edge, they should be on a bigger table
Too busy, there is also two of these in the choices and that exacerbated my anger. maybe it is the maroon color.
The expression on this mans face is of anger and disgust. It's like he's saying "how DARE you" to me
A dark scene with a person crucified by an unjust system.
This has a very unrealistic feel in the faces. I don't like this at all. The black and white kills the details as well.
The hand signal and the red background looks very demanding and bossy.
This painting of a finger pointing makes me feel angry because pointing a finger is a rude gesture.
seems like a similar painting although this one is way too random
The splatters look like they were placed with a lot of brute force they are also all very reminiscent of bodily fluids.
The redness on the tent and on the ground nearby looks like massacre blood.
I am angry because this one is the only one in black and white and it throws my brain off.
The monument looks like something that would honor a slave owner in the south.
This painting of three squares makes me feel angry because I find it dull and unimaginative.
A few years later that dirt road would become a busy 4 lane highway.
the man looks extremely affected in shades of grey and the excessive perfection of his appearance and style makes him look pretentious
The man must have done something pretty bad for her to cut him with a sword
I think about this woman cutting her hair and she shouldn't because it is very beautiful
The painting seems chaotic and miserable. The yellow colors look angry.
The man's facial expression tells me that he is very irritated at something.
This guy looks like he is not happy with what he is looking at.  It is a mixture of anger and disgust.
Something about his face elicits slight anger in me. Maybe it's the black and white.
The second picture feels much more like the industrial revolution in England which was a very dark, depressing and destructive time. This is depicted with the dark colors and the dreary sky from all the ash from the factory's.
The trees in front of the buildings basically destroys the focal point of this, causing me complete frustration.
The subject is fat and pompous. He has an arrogant posture and haughty facial expression.
The subject's eyes are invisible and his body is surrounded by the dark red as if he is inside a flame of fire.
The bold colors and movement of the people make them look engaged in battle
This looks like a woman who is being peeped on at night by someone
This made me feel angry because it shows a picture of Jesus sacrificing his life on the cross. It hurts and makes me angry to see what torture others put him through.
All i see here is 4 boats. get them out of the way, I want to see the landscape!
The man with his hand up in the air and looking above looks like he is screaming in frustration.
Why is that box missing! it makes me thinking someone graffittied over it. and now its missing a key piece
grey smog fills the air from industrial plants destroying the world while a quiet house sits under a large plume of smog
there are unknown types of landscapes in the background
the dark red on top makes it look like anger is seeping through
The hearts are very tattered. They are painted on paper, not real and look as if someone has sliced them apart and tacked them up on a wall. It is the opposite of real, life, love life. Someone did this to the idea of the hearts and that must have been an angry person.
There is a look of anger in the fearsome eyes of the samurai.
This guy looks like her would not mind owning slaves back in the day
seems its been too hot the sun is setting yet no rain. Which make it too dry hence leading to no food
it looks like the soldiers are a threat to the angel and the people are trying to protect it
This strange looking woman looks angry and kind of satanical.  Her hair looks like bat wings and her neck is at an odd angle.  She has thick, turned up eyebrows that look evil.
The subject has a cocky attitude and is sleazily dressed. The room he is in is also very messy.
The guy on the left looks like he wants to beat up the person on the right who is minding their own business
he in the picture with bright red face and glaring eyes looks and seems very cageful in appearance
The red glow and empty tables are confusing, the subject has a disappointed expression and the figures in the background look evil.
The house being on top of the hill makes it seem to me like this place has a class system
Looks like old war propaganda to make soldiers fear what is to come
the young man in white shirt gives a whiff of dissatisfaction and  rage in his stare
The painting is just a black shape; it is so dumb, it pisses me off.
Here we have a king about to kill one member of his court. Is he sleeping with the kings girl? Is this some kind of jaelously rage thing.
this woman is clearly repulsed by this man but she can't get him away and it upsets me
The subject of the painting is the only portrait looking at themselves instead of the painter or at another point. Her hand stroking her own hair while staring at her reflection gives off the impression of the subject being extremely vain. Vanity and self-obsession are some of the worst traits in a person.
The way the girl looks to the child makes her look mischievous and hiding a secret.
The guy has a massive frown on his ugly face.
The big black bars just conjure up gothic and angry vibes.
This painting makes it look like someone is peeping on her
it angers met the way this is painted, the houses are all mishapen
The depiction of wealthier, higher class citizens eating from a basket held up by a servant is one that makes me very angry. The artist also painted the servant in darker tones which adds negative connotations to him.
The people that are living on the hill seem really well off and don't care about the people below them
The family at the right look like they have more influence than they should have
Smoking and bringing illness to yourself and not looking healthy
A lone women standing staring at a house while starving
This is the only one with an interaction that seems negative. The facial expression of the person sitting down makes them look very upset.
These people look like they are really bothering the guy in the middle
The man appears to not be able to handle things in his life. The person in the window, he appears angry and threatening toward.
This painting has a similar abstract quality to it as the original, but the colors feel very dark and make me believe the artist was angry when painting this.
The combination of black and red paint blotches produce a sense of intensity that causes me to become enraged.
The bold red coloring and abstract design make it appear to be a fight
The man is scowling and looks ready to beat someone up.
I don't like the look on his face. He is a pompous, smug asshole.
The way the workers are portrayed makes this paint look like it represents slavery
The lady seems to be angry and not happy to be taken a portrait of
these look like crushing waves and a really dry region
This painting looks like the trees are angry with a possible storm coming.  The dark colors and shading appear upset.
this picture gives  a scent of  retribution for the beaten lady in this picture with red raw cheeks from a battering
I feel angry as it looks like the building is abandoned and has seen better days.
He looks so angry with the world.
there is fury in this mans eyes piercing through this is a man who is scary
This picture is of someone looking down at someone, and others looking on in the background but not helping. Also they are helpless to come to the aid because they are children and the dominant figure in the picture is an adult male well dressed, but not necessarily in the best health.
The way the fruit blends in to make the woman's face is very unappealing to me. I don't think it is a bad painting I just don't like the way it looks and works with the fruit and trying to combine the two.
the rage in the man in black seated his eyes thrust through you with fury
The colors are harsh and the person's face and pose looks aggressive.
Looks like a deranged man stabbing a large board into someone.
it looks like someone has torn the painting into pieces with rage and fierce
This makes me think that someone destroyed a pie and threw it on the ground
it is not a pretty sight when one side of the landscape is habitable and the other isnt
This woman in the black top and pink and red skirt is waiting for her boyfriend.  Her boyfriend has forgotten his date with her.
A revolution was sparked against a commander who wanted to kill a soldier that was a woman pretending to be a man.
The painting look good and similar
the drawing of the man in the picture looks and seems to give of a look of fury and rage
The movement is frantic and there is struggling and fighting.
All these people are ganging up on this guy and it looks like they are going to harm him
they bout to throw the guy overboard for what reason.
The flowers look like they should have been changed out a while ago
The red colors and foaming water adds to the scene of a man is badly mistreating a woman.
because the overall geometry in the photo is a bit out of context
When I look at this I see a girl tied to a tree against her will
this seems like a demonic circus type of show
The "eye" shapes look like they are watching with an evil intent. The black fading to red from the top of the painting also invoke an angry response.
Whatever is in this photo being blatantly crooked is just bothering me
I see Will Smith and I can't stand him at all.
Fields not being tended to or worked in.
because it does not make sense how something like this can be considered art
This person looks to be harming someone that is defenseless for no reason
Instead of engaging another with good intent, this seems to be someone engaging with another as annoyingly as possible.
The guy on the left looks to be bothering those women
This painting of a paper bag makes me feel annoyed because of the lack of imagination used by the artist.
the look on the mans face is not a way i would like someone to look at a child
The man has his arms crossed and looks upset in the painting.
The ways the trees jut up in the outcropping makes them appear aggressive and imposing.
This woman should take off her own shoes, the maid does not have to do that
inexplicably, both images are just so different and related at the same time. At the first one you see kindness and respect; on the other selfishness and arrogance. I did not like it at all.
the women in horse is arrogant and look very anger
There are two many pots all together, and it makes me mad because of OCD.
The use of black is so strong in this painting it highlights the subject's face and his frown.
There are criminals that have boarded this boat and hit the captains on the head and threw their bodies overboard.
It's too busy and chaotic. The eye can't settle on anything in the image. The center building cannot even serve as a focal point
The combination of sharp colors and hard edges (lines) The red, green and black instagate an angry response.
The subject is looking away with a scowl.  His arms are crossed and the papers are held in a way that makes you feel they are causing his anger.
This guy looks like he is unable to do creative things. He looks more like a businessman and not the musician that the painter is trying to convey.
This young woman is flirting with the photographer enticing him to have an affair even though he is already a married man.
The people in this painting appear uncomfortable with little to no clothing.  They appear to be outside working, and I assume they are slaves, which instill a feeling of anger.
the strength of feeling in this large powerful mans eyes is scary and gives of a feeling of pure rage
Anytime i see a ruler that everyone worships I get upset because no onw person should have that much influence
it looks like these men are either preparing for battle or they are returning from battle
a creeping couple watching an old man hidden waiting to scare him under the blue sky
These men look like they are accosting this woman
The person on the left looks like they are being bothered by the naked person
This painting looks like an angry mob that is about to storm a castle.  They are all shielding axes and swords.  It looks like it is dark.
James Dean was an overrated actor and artwork of him is usually awful, as is this.
The little girl has a look of sad chagrin on her face, as if she has just been chastised for not holding still.
the overall reflection of this painting seems like the water is toxic
Someone is sitting at the top of the hill shooting their gun down into the beach, randomly striking the sand and very near misses to the people scattered there.
A nice image has been ruined by lots of random lines which makes me angry.
The neighbors are being so disrespectful they have parties every weekend with loud music and don't even consider that the sound annoys the neighbors next to them.
This guy looks like a hunter that will hurt and kill animals.  That makes me angry.
The man looks like he is very angry and glaring at the viewer.
the dark room and alone men inside the dress is sacry
This man looks really upset to have his picture painted
People are being round up by soldiers and oppressed. The soldiers are also mistreating the people.
traditional cubist distortion of figures and flat perspective limit the viewers ability to easily recognize the point.
the man with dark beard gives a look of  vengeance in his horror of a stare
the person depicted with clothing seems to be hurting the other person
The clothed person seems to be bothering the naked person. It's hard to say why, perhaps they had a conflict. It looks quite mean.
The men's body movements look very furious with what they are looking at.
similar style, womans portrait, darker, facial expressions were discontent, angry
There is too much of the same color in the objects and figures and the beach looks over-crowded.
the town here only has this wall to stop attacks, why would people attack them
The way the lines are portrayed it looks as if the painter was full of anger and disgust while creating this piece
This guy looks like a smug, gluttonous rich guy, literally looking down his nose and over his glasses at whomever he's looking at. He looks like a villain.
The young girl in the picture appears to be of a preteen age and she is completely naked. The doll on the floor signifies that she was recently a child and the nakedness indicates that she is becoming a woman. She is looking at her reflection in the mirror as if she wants to take a long look at her younger self before she fully develops into a woman. The person sitting next to her is appearing to push the young girl into womanhood by placing the cloth over her. The fact that the girl is in such a vulnerable position sitting between being a child and becoming a woman with a grown person pushing the cause incites me to anger. It is as if the adult is forcing her to grow up and she does not want to.
This reminds me of people have to pick crops during slavery
This brings anger and fear to mind. he looks like he means to take her by force
considering this painting shows both geometric and ungeometrical patterns
Well I was a little angry that she was out at the beach naked as a jay bird.
These raging angry waters is what happens after a terrible storm.  It looks like a fall storm with the orange leaves in the mountains with tall pine trees in the distant.
The man is clothed while the woman and the child are basically naked
this person looks really demonic, almost as if they have bad intentions
When asked to visually express emotion I think this is what a child would say was anger
red color this men is anger with something
I'm going mainly off the person's facial expression. They do not look happy.
the blotches look as though someone in a bad temper had thrown paint at the canvas randomly
The splashes of bright color are overshadowed but the blackness: an anger that sucks the happiness out of the space.
It does not look like the woman in the painting is consenting and the men are forcefully raping her.
This makes me feel angry because it reminds me of the TV static that we would see when we were younger.
This looks like one of Andy Warhol's can prints and knowing how appropriative he was with his work enrages me.
The man on this painting seems a bit angry
There is doom is this painting and the artist wanted to to come out
it seems like everyone is focusing on the one woman like she is being singled out
It would be a beautiful photo but the yellow wall in the back is overbearing.
The birds appear to be fighting with each other
This painting makes me feel angry because the woman had her hand up as if she is about to strike the child and the child appears frightened.
this picture makes me feel angry to see 2 grown men trying to kill each other is just awful
People are dragging a woman up some stairs against her will.
the girls seem to have thick stumpy legs and badly drawn faces that look silly or mad
The color black just always has represented anger and madness.
it makes me angry/annoyed because it falls into the realm of "pretentious art" where the concept is more important than the visuals.
This makes me think of a phone that cost over a thousand dollars
The fact that the lines are straight vertically but not horizontally is slightly annoying, which is the closest option to Anger.
Nothing is happening in this piece, there's only a gray square. There's a light and small pattern in the middle, but nothing else. It's irritating.
Clowns are not fun to look at and these animals have probably been abused
The image has a lot of things going on, it is very chaotic like the people in the background carrying a big barrel, the kid tipping over the trash can and the kid being pinched.
the featured person has become angry and is now forcing slavery of the others.
This man looks like a dictator, very stern and unforgiving.
The man appears to be angry and cantankerous, based on his facial expression.
this picture of a man looking in rage and anger looks menacing in his facial expression
This guy looks really mad. He also kind of reminds me of Rudy Giuliani. The people in the other images mostly seem happy.
The facial expression of the man is one of disgust or anger
It is as thought the red color from the first image has bled into the scene blurring reality and inciting anger. This rage is slowly taking over like fire in a forest.
Not focused and lacking detail in the photo.
Whenever I see the back of a naked woman in a painting I believe someone is peeping on them
considering this painting highlights individuals going through war
There is one person on a horse that looks like he is above all else and people on the floor crawling around so it makes me feel morally wrong.
This man has the look of an angry man that could be working on a retaliation plan.  He looks like he could be a bitter and stern man.
The man's body language makes him seem closed off and angry
This guy looks like he is getting ready to fight someone
A sense of denial and dissatisfaction, unable to see full composition.
Everything looks out of place, the blue is the only thing that has a consistent shape
This painting had a darker color than most and the sky was dark and gloomy
To much use of much dark paint color and it is unfocused.
there is fury and rage in the woman in red with glaring eyes of doom
This makes me think the person is cleaning the blood off of their hands
Image is bundled or wrapped tight and image is not distinctive , no freedom or movement. No contentment .
the colors and lines portray anger at the outside world
this man in a naval hat and wearing navy insignia looks aggressive and his eyes seek war and misery
I am angry seeing an unfinished portrait.
The guy looks like he thinks he is way better at cards that the woman
the children appear to be bullying and taunting
He looks like he is contemplating frustration. His shoe looks like there is blood on it.
the soldier has pure evil in his eyes giving off fury and rage
This looks like a man who would have owned slaves back in the day
It is very busy and not very colorful. Not eye catching.
the lady dressed in white with a brown cover looks like her eyes are evil and look of fury
since it seems like there it alot of chaos going around
her eyes are reflecting the angry feeling.
This painting makes me feel angry because there is no clear image it just looks like the artist splashed paint randomly on the canvas.
I don't like the painting depicted to begin with, and since this one is the same one, i choose this. Makes me angry because I already didn't like it.
The two people look like ghouls, and it makes me angry they are in artwork.
This painting is just random scribbles; it is pure garbage.
It appears the man is leaving and it is not on good terms as he stopped and looked back one last time.
there seems to be a whole lot of trash on the beach
They are using him as an experiment and have no interest in anything but that
The man is so full of himself that he bought an island and printed money of himself and is doing very well, but is unwilling to help his neighbors who need some medicine.
the battled look  somebody is angry  and the windy in the head is bad
This person looks way too big to be riding this mule
Seeing the back of the woman makes it look like someone is watching her
The lion in this pic looks very angry.  He is sitting back and bearing his teeth.  Perhaps his mate has been killed.  The man with his hands folded looks as though he praying over the woman.
the man behind her looks like he has been stalking her
that this person seems to be sick and unhealthy
I saw this one earlier and not being able to discern the horizon line with this man in the middle of the desert makes me annoyed!
The figure is red and has a stern, focused, heartless expression.
This image is so bright and cheerful that it makes me mad.
it looks like deep gouges in a smooth surface brought on by anger
The flowers should not be over cut up fruit like that
that religious men are instructing workers what to do
She a woman naked from the back in a painting makes me think she doesnt know she is being painted
The white lines look so aggressive, they transmit the anger of the Autor
The jagged lines, and aggressive shapes produce hostility and make the images pop out confrontationally and it angers me.
if looks could kill the girl shows fierceness and rage in her glances
This person looks like he is about to stab the bull on the head
because this looks like a frame, and not an actual painting
There are too many fruit out and they are all on the ground, pick them up
considering this person does not look like they care about the simple truth
It looks like paint that is just being splashed chaotically on the canvas like the painter is mad while painting.
because it seems like all the ships are heading towards one direction
The people are going about their lives as the trees branches reach out with rage, touching all in their path and evoking anger and sadness in the people.
the woman looks like she is eyeing her prey she looks vengeful and evil in her looks
The man has a bit of a scowl on his face and just looks upset.
The man looks very impatient and possibly angry. Something displeases him
All these people being close together makes me think of spreading COVID
she looks angry and calculating. she has been forced to pose. her fingers arent relaxed
The pieces used to get along. Now they mock one another with their colors. The once inanimate objects feel the hatred that humans left them with.
The man in the portrait just looks like an evil person.
bad drawing gives the girl a squint, a tooth abscess and a bottle neck
Looks like a whack poster and sent to man to get the job done.
Dark and lonely with not much going on. It is blurry and not focused
He’s looking at her naked breast he must have ripped her dress he’s going to hurt her
A person is on the floor and the man above him is holding a weapon. It is a violent picture.
Troops are investigating the anger of the perpetrators
It looks like someones mother is being stolen away ad the villagers are being enslaved.
The photo shows raging waters over a bridge and this is both scary and angry. I fear this type of real life scenerio but I have also felt so angry that I felt like raging water that could wipe out everythimg if I let it.
The distorted shape of the face and red coloring makes them appear lashing out in anger
The man has his arms crossed and a scowl on his face.
I chose this because the picture given was not a painting but a photo of a sculpture and so was this. I do not like either of them.
these sorts of layouts are known to be representing psychedelics
This painting seems unfinished, I am angry at the loss of expericing a complete painting.
This guy looks like he is bothering this woman
Black often is associated with feelings of anger and resentment.
The dark mountains made with light lines makes it appear imposing and impossible
In spite of being a beautiful picture, this image gets me mad and disgusted as it lacks of any colour and seem to be offensive (I do not know why, but I find it that way).
The combination of the color palette and the surreal imagery make me feel uneasy and I really dislike the way the images are combined.
This makes me think corporate America feels way more important than it actually is or should be
She looks jealous and grumpy. That red puff she is holding might symbolize that she is out for blood.
It would seem that the man is readying himself for a fight and his face displays the emotion of mad or anger.
The colors used and the blurriness of it. Like there are no set lines and that makes it feel hazy and chaotic.
The posture of the man and the color of the jacket conveys aggression
Subject matter seems to be an argument, the woman being accused of something. Troubling,
Makes me feel like I'm stuck in a prison cell and that is disconcerting!
I'm angry that my art didn't become as famous as this piece.
the dark green forest with thick vegetation looks and feels aggressive and with a fury look
The fact that these are outlines and or Silhouettes and all black and white, is very disconcerting to my brain.
This image makes me feel angry because the woman is being humiliated in front of the eyes of all the people in that place.
That's something about the image the subject looks untrustworthy and feel like beating him. looks suspicious
Reminds me of a group of people that rule the world and make all the decisions
Instead of being united in a cause, the people in this picture are fighting each other and finding division. The colors don't help them stand out like the original, but instead make the setting murky and distressed from the riot.
All these religious people are around, but are leaving someone stuck to a cross
the man in the picture has a red face and glaring eyes of revulsion and fury
The splashes of paint makes the painting look very ruined and sabotaged.
This painting's background resembles the background painting The Scream almost exactly, I do not like two colors in that painting and they make me feel dysphoric, this painting is almost the same
This looks like a cloud of anger boiling over and infecting all.
Makes me think of the last supper before jesus got betrayed
it looks as if there was an earthquake in the region
The second picture shows hardship and a poor village.
The angels fighting and the children on the ground just makes it seem like a very violet setting that riles your blood up.
She is sad and unhappy. The photo is dark and sad and depressing.
i feel angry when looking at this picture because appears to be where someone just threw this man out and left him to die in a thicket of briars
this image depicts a cold woman who is being waved at and not getting the help she wants
This guy looks like he would not mind owning a slave or two
The color red and the dark shadows make me think of anger and fear.
I am afrai dfor the little boy who is being made to dance in the circle.
The rate of suicide was much higher for portrait painters of the time
The choice of art direction to express African females comes off a bit too try hard.
It is infuriating that something so stupid and plain is considered art.
The men are showing off their expensive clothes
The work feels unfinished, the random piece of strong is making me angry
Subject matter looks evil, has a mischievous but unsettling appearance
the bold block of darker red with hints of the lighter makes it feel very in your face
The symmetry is poor as well as the line work, overall unpleasant
The painting is just a red octagon; this should not be considered art.
A young boy cut his neighbors rose bushes and destroyed all the roses, because he was being a brat and did not get the toy he wanted.
I do not understand why the flowers have to be on the table, get another vase
The chinese have killed a komodo dragon in order to sacrifice it on the chinese new year event as a means to appease the gods and ask for lots of blessings in the upcoming year.
Beautiful scene in the background until you look closer and see the industrial scene and smoke in the background.
Too much dark compared to the other picture, makes one wonder if this is a sinister take on the flowery set up.
It's similar because there is more then one adult surrounded by the children this painting the adults have a different expression then the first one.
While others are hard at work, like fishing for food, others may just sit around.
The colors are harsh and the mixture of items create an anger in me. Darkness and anger is portrayed to me in this painitng.
The painting uses darker colors, the subject's body language suggests tension and her facial expression is more sinister.
A man knew that there was a bloom of bacteria in the ocean at the time of the riptide, but he allowed children to go swim anyway and they children lost their lives.
This picture shows port's waterfront with factors spewing smoke into the environment. There are bare pylons where there would have been docks. The water looks grimy and polluted, and the sky overcast with haze.
this picture depicts what looks like a factory polluting the environment
I have to day this one confuses me in an angry manner because where is his other leg? what is he seated on?
The position of the body does not sit well with me.
The similarity between both paintings is that both of the subjects are nude. This particular painting portrays a subject who has an expression that appears to be anger or annoyance. It does not appear that she wishes to be nude or painted nude and she definitely does not appear to be content. Because the subject appears to be angry, it makes those looking at the painting have negative feelings as well.
The people are forcing a woman to join their cult and told her she must strip down naked so they can look at her naked body which shows she is whole heartedly joining them.
the man in red robe who's an artist looks fed up and gives a horror of a stare
There's unrest as i look at the image. Dark tone colors.. Feels like there's a bit of rage main subject angry fighting with leadership a community enraged depicted
The woman genuinely looks frightened of the man with the grayish white hair behind her,
The woman appears to be pleading for something, she is in distress and it makes me angry.
the pure fire and rage coming from this man demon is frightening
Nobody seems to help this poor impaled man. The main picture is everyone safe and happy being amongst each other without harm.
Makes me assume the poor are suffering and the wealthy are enjoying life/
I am not sure what is going on in this image.
The two men's postures indicate that they may be having an argument
I dislike almost every painting in the choices, due to the style l, but this one is absolutely disjointed beyond belief.
The proportions of the women look poorly designed and the details are hard to see, making it annoying to know what the artist wanted you to see.
The dots are all scattered and chaotic. There is no uniformity and the colors do not complement each other.
Reduces the women to porngraphic image.
This guy will not leave this woman alone and no one can help her
The woman's downturned mouth looks like she is upset with something, The man is scowling.
The movement and expression the figure imply anger.
With a lack of beauty and color in comparison, one might wonder why can't beauty to it's fullest grow naturally wherever it wants.
Appears to be some type of slavery
It appears an angry storm is on the horizon.  With a ship out at sea, the lighthouse should be able to guide them home.
This looks like a bunch of colors that ran together. The people do not stand out nor is there any definition to the painting!
The deer are being hunted by some low life white trashy people who just kill for fun with no respect for life.
this person looks as if they are part of some clan
The man is essentially scowling because of his hatred for the camera.
the red angey looming sky with mean jagged mountains.
the idea of a desert being near a snowy mountain is a bit unsettling
it looks as if some people are hunting or looking for chaos
The man looks very full of himself and the woman looks like she could be his daughter instead of wife.
the pure hatred and rage in this mans eyes is scary he looks like he needs to kill
The man is staring intently right back at you. His raised eyebrows seem sinister.
this person looks as if they are waiting for something before making an ill move
considering there is a dead lobster next to wine related things
All of the dark colors, along with the powerful strokes convey anger to me.
This painting makes me feel angry and frustrated because aside from the tree it really isn't of anything interesting and the lack of use of color makes it boring.
the men on the right look like they are bothering the woman on the left
The red and orange colors make me feel an angry emotion.
One solid color makes it look boring and plain.
the well dressed man with red cheeks and violent satanic stare scares me
The guy looks really pissed off at someone over his left shoulder.
the lady wearing pink with a blue hat seems  aggressive in her glance and gives off a whiff of wrath and outrage
The colors are dark and cold and the man has a disapproving long on his face.
since this seems like a really dark and vague photo
Can't tell whats going on here. Are they people? Trees? nipples? the colors combined with it irk me.
The person who has these flowers did not clear off the one that has fallen off the table
This city looks very dry and like it does not have a lot of access to resources
this represents multiple dimensions between faith and reality
seems like there are malicious and demonic aspirations for this person
that artists during those days we're often obese and well fed
This image reflects the mistreatment and abuse of women.
The hard lines of the man's face seem disapproving.  His lips are asymmetrical, which makes them appear to be twisted in a scowl.
They look like warriors or attackers
While another painting may depict more buds on the water, here we only have a scarce amount when there could be much more life growing.
the linen used in the image looks too confusing and bright
There is a bunch of people murdering a dude while no one really seems to care up in the clouds
These people are probably performing for really low pay
the upside down writing gives an feeling that something is nearly understandable but not quite
the painting is too dark and too busy so it is not posisble to see what is going on
Why does she have to be naked for this painting, there is more to her than her body
This painting makes me feel angry because the woman has a very smug and apathetic expression.
She is walking away from him. He's obviously upset her
The chair is messy and the colors do not complement each other well. The plant is also plain and blends in with the background. It is difficult to look at.
A woman threw her cat in the lake because she found out it was pregnant and she did not want to have any more pets.
The person that lives in the house or castle in the painting has a better life than me.
the dark outlining of the trees seems out of place with the rest of the painting and it very confusing
Man has mouth open his brow furrowed as if he is speaking loudly or yelling in anger or disgust
considering this person seen to be really lonely
the girl looks angry and rage at the young man as he tries to lure her she gives off a distaste
Unclear and busy. To much going on
the coloring of the painting makes me feel angry
He looks very angry and like he is out to hurt someone.
The man has a angry face as shown by the narrowing of his eyebrows and the pursing of his mouth.
The barbed wire which encircled the unjust political camp made escape a distant possibility.
it is hard to really tell what shape this really is it upsets me
This portrait betrays an entirely unbearable character. He looks like he is terribly wealthy and powerful, without having earned either trait. He looks as though he's only capable of making bad decisions that will adversely affect us all.
The person that is brushing the hair is giving a angry demeanor with a flat lips and pinced face.
While I would not say that this painting looked as much like the original as some others, this painting made me feel anger due to the way the woman seems to be demanding something from the other woman who seems to be her servant. There were other paintings that looked very similar to the original, but I did not necessarily have negative emotions with them.
The red in the painting really stands out and elicits an angry feeling.
I can feel the hand of an angry person grasping a marker with their whole fist and scribbling the red line. I become that angry person.
The piercing look on the man's face inspires anger. His eyebrows bent downwards and his tight lips  show his anger
The man's raised eyebrows in this painting gives a startled and interrupted look. HIs mouth is turned downward, so he doesn't look happy. He is also surrounded in black which is a negaive color
the aggression on this mans face through his piercing glare fills you with fury and rage
There is no more greenery here because the city sprayed too much insecticide which killed every plant.
This person is going to steal everything and take them for themselfs
It  looks like the man in the middle is being forced to carry all of the peoples stuff.
This painting in a building is glorifying people who kill other people in battle
Colors make me feel angry. The color of the sand looks hot makes me burn inside
the woman looks sad and vulnerable and the men behind her look arrogant and snooty
Both this one and the picture in the main part I assume are likely done by the same artist {confirmed josefa de obidos}. They both consistently are dimly lit which is frustrating. it's hardto make out what is in this painting as well as the other one.
She has a pained, bleak expression in her eyes, and yet she is dressed to be married. Clearly she is having doubts about her wedding.
these seem like soldiers from a long time ago, an age when soldiers were less controlled and could do as they wish
considering these photos highlight a bold texture
The white couple looks like the are accosting the black people
The people are harming animals for no reason and need to be put in jail
Her expression is very cold and serious and it conveys that emotions to me
The immigrants were promised to resources when they moved here, but the government lied and no resources where given.
This man is here with no explanation and he looks like he is dissociating while waiting in line to order coffee.
I can sense the anger on this woman's face for she has discovered her lover cheating on her.
The image makes me feel bad because it looks like someone is offering children as a sacrifice.
Although this painting has thick line detail it is hard to determine where the face is. And it is hard to see the other foot and leg.
These fishermen look like they are on a body of water that is angry.  The waves are choppy and the sky is gray.  It appears the wind is blowing also.
The child has a smug expression. The child also has a self-righteous demeanor.
I think the woman should be able to take off her own shoes
One should not fully commit to full body clothing, as the human body is naturally supposed to be nude by the laws of nature intended. The first painting depicts a topless woman in a dress which shows a better sense of naturalness.
Looking at this painting makes me feel a bit angry because the details are unclear and make it confusing.
No color and too bland. where there are trees, there should be birds and life with color.
It is fierce and unforgiving surrounding by darkness and hate
He is smiling but he has a mischievous look on his face.
some of the children in the image look a bit dull and sickly
the bound man looks tired and frightened bu the man in the mantle looks smug and detached
This is a very busy paining because there are many people in it. In particular, there seems to be several figures with their hands raised in protest as a man speaks in the middle of the painting. This gives an aggressive feeling.
The subject matter of the painting brings me anger because it appears to depict a gluttonous king who has murdered multiple soldiers.
The lighting makes it seem like he is hiding something or he is emerging from the dark
The man dressed in a fancy fashion and has a holier-than-thou facial expression. He is irritating to look at.
The village people asked the king for meat so they can have a family christmas dinner, but the king was too cheap and only gave them vegetables.
The boatsmen that pulled up on the shore are scammers. They trick people into giving them money pretending they are doing investments for them.
This seemingly unorganized mass of stuff confuses and angers me
This is so chaotic and bright I assumed it was created in rage.
In this painting, the man on the right looks as if he chooses to not dance with their partner.
The tree and the entire area reminds me of a place where people would get hung
The man's eyes in this painting are giving a blank stare. There's not alot of emotion which is unsettling. Wide eyes are usually a sign of anger.
There was something about Eve that I could never trust
There is to much greenery. The use of more fall colors in the leaves or even line detail would make the painting more defining.
Where life is growing, here it has passed and why must life always come and go, which may anger some.
The trees in the back remind me of trees they would hang people from
The man was hit over the head and his vision went shady and grainy because his brain was shaken so violently.
This man looks to be bothering this woman while she is sleeping
the man's face is both vacant and arrogant and the draperies across is chest is meaningless posturing
the facial expression portrays an angry person and reddish colour compostion establishes that anger.
This painting makes me feel angry because this old woman looks grouchy, mean, uncaring and stoic and those type of people are irritating to be around.
I don't see why the person has to paint the woman naked on the bed
When trying to reach a goal, there is always someone in your way, whether it be nature itself or a god sitting atop the mountains.
This is a terrible representation of someone's body and I only hope its a self portrait because it's awful.
Ripped paper and pictures. Something upsetting must have happened for them to be torn up
the men are angry and fithing with the animal with two head is scary
A rapist entered this house and raped the five year old girl inside. Her dad tried to stop him, but the rapist had a gun and shot the dad point blank.
When I see professional sports I always think about people who cheat to get ahead
Two men appear intent on disrobing a young woman without her permission; her expression appears frightened and they both appear hostile.
I think the sky looks angry, like it is about to storm.  There are a lot of clouds and they are dark, and the water has a very dark appearance.
The cruise liner never came to the dock where the people where waiting for it after pay one hundred dollar tickets to ride it for thirty minutes and it never arrived.
It seems like the two sides are having a battle there, and it makes me angry that they would bring violence to such a beautiful place.
Not too dense of forestry leads one to think, has this land of beauty and life been stripped of it over time for personal preferences and if so, what a shame that is.
I'm usually not a fan of blots & drips( except for Jackson Pollock) even though this one has planned color. I feel it's a waste of pictorial space. This one resembles an "ink blot test".
The two men are violently carrying two struggling women away against their will.
At the end of the day, we must concede to societal norms and put back on the clothes we unnaturally must conform to wearing.
he looks sullen and petulant. he has disagreed with the women behind him
In one scene, I see a woman with freedom where she resides but down here in the picture with a man, looks like he's got life cut out for him and things might not come so easy to the hard working class down below on the ground.
In contrast to the target image, this work of modern art evokes demonic and Satanic images, depicting a devil's head on top and Christ's on the bottom upside down (directly beneath a goat's face).
The man's facial expression shows anger and dissatisfaction. Something happened to him that made him very upset and about to boil over.
This image is similar because it shows a similarly shaped naked woman. However this woman has a clear face of disdain or disgust. It appears that the child above her has made a mess, and she is cleaning up. The sharp angles of this photo really make these negative emotions appear stronger and sharper.
This to me is too busy yet ridiculous and too simple. Don't like the color scheme.
this person looks really angry and ready for a fight
it looks like his back hurts
the painting is a boring division of hill, sea, sky and forest with no action and little variation
because this photo looks dark and as if there are subliminal things throughout
It can be interpreted as the broken school system. There are students like the one on the right who has talent in art but the teacher is absent and he is surrounded by other children who cannot handle the school such as the one on the left dripping the ink or the children at the school gate.
The chaos of the colors and the trees getting chopped down looks like psychedelic destruction.
He has such a mean face like he want to fight make me angry
The striping here makes me eyes angry. It also reminds me of an escalator and they always scared me
A tree in the middle of this painting makes me feel like i want to scream. endless obstacles block my life and this mimics that.
The misshaped face and red hue elicits a negative emotion.
These horses are made to perform. It is not their choice
There is a difference between a boring cat and a lazy cat.
This painting makes me angry because the chopped down trees make me think of deforestation
I like the green and the water, but the pollution totally ruins it.
single solid color with a strange border does nothing but bore and anger me.
This painting makes me feel angry because it I feel like it is a waste of time to look at just a blue canvas with no images to make it more interesting.
that people in the day only had a newspaper and time to waste
the castle look ruin and  scary
This is a angry gloomy portrait that shows pollutants being put into the air.
The lady in the image could be the wicked witch of the west.
it bothers me that the colors aren't going in straight lines
I absolutely cannot stand the pompous look on her face, i really do not like this painting because of it, and that stood out to me
He has so much power and no respect for what can be done with it
The person this painting has  a really annoying looking face. He seems very angry and he has a lot of negative vibes from his smirk. He doesn't seem like a very friendly person.
The cows were stolen from their field by a poacher and the owners lost a great deal of wealth from it and are now suffering financial hardship.
the woman in the painting looks agitated and the man has his hand on the child in an uncomfortable
The woman was treated badly by her husband, the man looking out the window. She is upset and he appears to be yelling at her.
these seem like some very well off people who are in charge of writing an important document likely for government i dont like that they seem pompous
The guy looking angry must have made me feel the same
The farmer has trespassers that keep driving through his lot and ripping off all his freshly planted grass.
The painting is so dark and blurry, no one can tell what's going on, which is infuriating.
the colors is this picture are almost the same as the feature picture which i don't like. certain colors give me anxiety. shades of brown and mustard yellow, specifically
The old man who appear in this painting seems angry and mad because of his situation. He is stuck in the wilderness and needs assistance.
The nude figure has dropped an apple, and a tree grows between their legs, suggesting the loss of innocence. A figure covered in a red cloak, which makes me think of lust, looms over them, looking as if they are taking advantage of the nude person as they recline in a vulnerable position.
It looks like a project that has been destroyed
The red on either side make it look like anger has over take the thin ribbon of sanity.
The shades of red make the painting feel dark and angry
The man in the portrait looks pensive and slightly angry.
It is to close up and the lady looks like she doesnt belong in the painting.
Because this looks like a jerk trying to get a woman to like him. Her face says no all over it but he is ignoring it.
There is too much blurriness and things look distorted.Also things are blending in with eachother and too much green.
It is too up close and it is kinda blurry.
The main person in the painting seems so angry and instills fear in the rest.
The mountain and the black thing on the right could use improvement.
This woman looks like she is stealing from someone's drawer.
Angry seeming brush strokes, violent actions. Almost resembles some kind of writing like Arabic at times but seems to become incresingly violent as it was painted.
it looks like angry and chaotic slashes that make no sense
seems like she would spike the ball too hard just becuase she is that type of person.
For some reason it looks like a lot of people are trampling someone or something
the two trees are very ugly  and i actualy find them offensive
in most of the photos they are fine people are content, but in the photo i have chosen it makes me angry.  The photo reminds me of the Romans and they are talking people into captivity   and it reminds me of slavery and slavery angers me
The boy looks like he is yelling at the men in front of him.
Not really my type.Neither do I care too much for the artificiality.
I dont like the background and they look very gummi like.
This man has a very hateful look on his face.
This looks like a really nice house that I cannot purchase anytime soon
It looks like this woman had a psychotic breakdown and killed a man.
More subtle than the others, this seems to show indifference or closed-mindedness, or even resentment.
The coloring of the background makes the image look angry to me
The man is working very hard and does not have any shoes or shirt to ease his discomfort.
There is too much blurriness and things look distorted.
This is a war scene. It appears to be mid-battle, with weapons poised to strike and casualties already strewn on the ground.
It looks like the only thing that people believe  in is a large wooden platform instead of a spirit or person.
The image shows an old man that looks angry
The man reading his book peacefully looks like he is being bothered by others, and I can imagine myself in his shoes.
It seems like the man in the hat is arguing about conforming to social standards.
This painting makes me feel angry because it is bland and boring and lacks any real color and definition or substance.
The man’s brow is deeply furrowed, his open mouth is contorted like he is yelling. He pounds one first on the table and with the other he points fiercely over his shoulder.
the emotions right here are of the angry one
The man with his scary face and pointing finger seems very mad and frustrated.
the grainy art makes the image look bad
I dont like the tiger nor the purple thing what it is.
It's crowded, fighting with spears. There are wounded and dead around the fighters. This is tension.
The man with his face expression and hand gesture makes it seem like he is mad and is staring me down.
It is somehwat blurry and hard to make out somethings.
The sea is wrath with anger, crashing against the walls of the harbour. The boats struggle over the waves.
This guy looks like he just gave someone a lecture and he does not look happy about it
It looks like the boy is stealing the girl's flowers.
this image doesnt make me feel content because it is just one sad tree
Everyone else seemed to be expressing their bodies a lot more freely then she is.
seems liek tthis guy is looking down on him for no reason at all.
I think this is very bad taste,I dont see why anyone likes this.
The bright red and black colors are those typically  associated wth anger.
I think the painting describes anger. Because of the way how the painting is colored and how it is made.
I dont like the background and the picture is boring.
The smirk on this man's face makes it looks as if he is making fun of someone.
There is a sense of anger emitting from the horseman, ready to strike the man below.
Some monstrous teenagers are running wild in town and picking people's apples off their trees not letting the apples grow to full maturity.
Blurry and distorted and it would be better if the bridge wasnt white.
A little blurry and a little distorted and a little bit of untamed wildness.
This man looks like he is mad and trying to arrest the woman.
Some of flowers have fallen off from this vase,
Because the atmospeher in the image seems to be ungry
The strawberries are being farmed on private land and it has ruined the ecosystem there with releasing toxic chemicals in the soil.
The person in this painting looks like she is uncomfortable. Like she doesn't want to be doing it.
Really distorted and hard to make out some things.
The man has a snobbish look that makes it seem like he's always disapproving or judgement of you.
the woman blowing smoke in revealing dress looks full of rage and horror
The government cut down an old oak tree to build a spanish style cottage there and now no one wants to live at the cottage and the tree was wasted.
The man in the picture seems like he is being aggressive towards the woman. Clearly she does not want to have anything to do with him.
The man is trying to convince the lady but she is angry and not willing to listen.
The scowl on the face of the woman in green shows that she is fighting with the other woman.
He looks like a Nazi officer in hiding, someone who did terrible things and got away.
the red in the face makes me angry because it looks like this art was defaced.
This guy looks like he has to be center of attention at all times
A native tribe lives in the trees and some white men came to try to yank them out and expose them for a news article.
The room looks very imposing and like there is a lot going on and it would be hard to concentrate.
The man's glaring eyes and piercing stare look like he's got malicious intentions.
He looks angry and unpleasant. I wouldn't want to have a conversation with him.
She seems like she is the type too look down on people.
Seems like one old guy is looking down on the other old guy.
It seems very cluttered and too much going on.
The sumo's are fighting each other with lot of anger.
This damaged old tree has been over pruned and allowed to decay.
The image is very boring and dull to look at.
The scowl on this woman's face indicates that she is frustrated.
These four colors make a llama angry when you show it to them, they charge at the colors and end up with a concussion.
The dark coloration with red and blue hues gives a very dark feeling.
These kids look like they are going to be spoiled their entire life
The man in the photo looks like he is staring at someone with so much anger
This looks like a group of, mostly, angry and some sad military men.
the pure rage and fury of battle hardened in this mans face looks and creates outrage
this irritability of the screwed up drawings of nudes makes you feel displeasure
i really dislike simple style of art - it comes across as lazy to me - the opposite picture was more aesthetically pleasing
The tree will fall over because the trench has destroyed its roots and made the ground unstable.
I dont like any of it particularly the white.
There’s a dead guy on the floor it looks like the guy on the horse killed him.
A woman is being watched by 2 different groups and appears distressed.
This is the unhappiest looking man I've ever seen in a painting. He looks like he is about to start a fight with anyone near him. He looks like a man who takes his anger out on other people, and who has a lot of anger.
This painting makes me feel angry to look at because this woman has a flower in her mouth and she has a dumbstruck look about her.
A dispute between two men are felt beyond the painting and screen, eliciting feelings of pain, confusion, frustration, and unanswered questions linger in the air.
That Nazi cross reminds me of the holocaust a very frustrating time in human history
This made me feel a mixture of anger and sadness because it makes me think of war, destruction and lives lost.
The proportions of the characters look like hurtful racial stereotypes,  and I hate seeing that
The dark coat matches well with the unhappy face.
Every line looks hard like razors everywhere
The wide eyes on this woman make her look very annoyed.
the main person in the image has a knife and is stabbing someone and their faces are grotesque
Here, the canvas is far from economical - there are many, many people condensed in it. This makes our eyes immediately work as we go across the canvas, and one thing is evident: a lot of the people have an annoyed and irritated look on their face. A lot of red is used, here, and the red flags (which are often known to invoke violence or distres) are almost signifying a call to anger - causing others in the crowd to be even angrier. The building we see is also red, so it's like both sides have a lot of anger directed at one another. It's also very, very imposing, as if taunting and readying the crowd for conflict.
The image above shows a man that is angry
The reflection of the moon on the water doesnt look right.
There are so many colors the image is blurry and chaotic and that makes it feel angry
The coat model of the picture is giving me an anger and the way the person looks in the picture is also creating anger.
I dont really like how up close it is.
Their dwelling has been destroyed -- roof os missing, and they are working hard to make it.
he looks mean and like he could kill me if he wanted to
the red encroaching on the yellow looks like anger overcoming joy
When I look at this it makes my eyes hurt
the overall painting looks as if it belongs on another planet
The combination of red and oranges are angry looking. Even the use of the blues in this picture adds to the anger.
this one makes me mad because it looks like the lady on the floor is a servant
This water system appears to be heavily polluted with many nbasty things
In the picture it seems like men are fighting against each other, there is a pair for every fight
The person looks very angry and mysterious, and her emotion is contagious to those who view the image.
People seem to be suffering and/or sad but people just standing around.  Why do people do that
The figure's cuffs and collar are the color of metal, spiked in an unpleasant, dangerous-looking way.
some things are over palling and the person is very hard to make out.
The side profile and the eyes peeking over to the side give a look of mischief along with the hard etching of the pencil.
I just wonder what the green stuff is and the white dots shouldnt be in the painting,the ones in the sky.
The person has a stick and is making the dog do tricks.  I figure she beats the dog.
This is just gross and it makes me mad that I was forced to look at it
The grass in this picture is extremely sloppy and unrealistic.
The dog looks like its from some horror movie or something.
The man is turned away, with his fist clench in the air in front of him.
There is no sense to this painting. you can't put it in a context
These men look like they are yelling at the woman for stealing the last apple on the tree.
The bold strokes of red and black give a feeling of angry strokes
It looks like the man in blue is banishing the woman.
it depicts the subjugation and physical dominance of man over woman
The expressions on the faces of most of the subjects in this painting are filled with anger.
I dont like the trees or the grass on the left.
Seems a little stuck up and not too happy with others.
the expression of the man is stern, judgmental
The image above shows a painting that is plain with brilliant colors.
since water is almost running every where it can cause disaster on the houses around
This painting just seems messy and ugly. It makes me angry because it is just a scribble.
white color of mountains and black color of rocks doesn't blend right.
this pattern is very jumbled and unorganized making me think the person who created it was angry at the time
The woman was annoyed and she threw her hamster in the fire and a hamster is suffering burning today.
This man looks grumpy and actually made me frown when I saw him.
The image above shows an painting that a man is solely showing off his private parts.
This man has a very stern expression that looks like he is angry at the world.  The colors in this image are dark and the shadow on his face makes him seem even angrier.
The snarky look on this man's face makes him look angry.
They do not need three horses to pull that carriage, two or even one is fine
Very blurry and distorted,also I dont like the brown background.
There is too much blurriness and things look distorted.Also I dont like the doting style.
I hate this color and I hate the repetition
This woman looks like she is blind with rage.
The facial expression is one of dislike. It's as if she has a bone to pick with the artist and can't wait til she's free to speak.
The four girls look snotty and spoled and they are taking advantage of the woman by aking her do unpleasant tasks for them.
i dont understand abstract art and its never been my thing
The red coloring reminds me of blood and anger.
the look of contempt on her face,  she looks angery.
It would be better if the angel in the top left and top right werent there.
It is really blurry and I dont like the white spot on the left.
I dont like the cats,I would prefer it to be something else.The cat in the middle has a leg that looks deformed.
Touching the boobs of women make anger
the harsh, straight lines make me think whoever drew this was angry
THE COLORS AND SHAPES ARE VISUALLY UPSETTING
the natural landscape has been marred by the progression of society and the damning up of the water
This painting makes me feel angry because the expression on the woman's face is world weary grouchy and bitter.
On the right side of this painting the dark blue image looks like a big angry cat with sharp teeth and fur standing on end.
The painting seems very unplanned and chaotic, it makes it look messy and frustrating to look at.
I'm angry mostly because I can't figure out what's going on here. This is the weirdest thing ever.
I dont like whatever that is at the gate.
This man seems very judgmental as if he's looking down on the viewer. It makes me upset.
Desolation and possibly destruction of the shoreline here feels like a desperation on behalf of the trees that are down.
This man is smug, and is dressed in a parody of women's attire, and I hate work that mocks trans women like that
This makes it look like a woman is being drawn without her knowledge
Both paintings seem to depict carriages, roads, and streetlights. The second image just feels borderline incomprehensible and chaotic.
The woman with the reddish hair and black dress looks to be angry about something she is looking at;her eyebrows are in a tense,tight position.
It has anger, agression and madness in the characters and their positioning.
She is afraid and they are going to violate her and beat her.
It looks like the shirtless man is about to be attacked.
This is a villain with a cruel black heart.
The scorn on the man's face is one of pure evil and makes him looks mad at the world.
This woman looks like she is about to start a fight with someone.
the pattern is incomplete and unsatisfying to look at
i would love to see more color options on this one it seems to bland
since this woman is naked and looks as if she needs more coverings
The people held behind bars suggest entrapment and a lack of freedom.
Orange contrast well with the white background and reflects aggressiveness
There is anger in this man's eys and a snarl on his lips. He is plotting something and it isn't going to be good.
The rock on the left is up too close and it is ugly.
The woman in the picture has a look of anger on her face. Her eyes look very angry
The man has his head tilted and a facial expression that looks like he doesn't want to be there.
This is a battle scene depicted in dark colors with men being killed in the foreground.
The shapes, colors, and lines are all chaotic. It is unclear what the image represents and difficult to look at.
These flowers look past their lifespan and need to be thrown away
The red background evokes anger. His brow is dark and his jaw is set. He is lunging toward the viewer.
Things are over lapping and it is pretty tacky.
The man is angry with the woman over dropping the basket, his arm pointed firmly
This reminds me of people trying to get glamour shots not caring who else they might be photographing
The image above shows a woman that seems angered.
The man in the picture looks as though he may strike the women.
The woman has a grumpy look on her face and her body language signals she wants to be left alone.
The flowers that have fallen should be cleared from the table
This image looks chaotic with men exploiting the beauty of women for a price.
The man here looks like he is berating the other people
The woman on the ground looks like she is judging the other woman.
The image convey a violent scene that would probably be filled with a large amount of negative energy and feelings.
The antiquated clothing of the young white man and the black boy make me assume this was during a time when the black boy was enslaved. He was probably owned by a white family. The expression on his face is sad as he holds a candle.
There is some purple and blue stuff at the bottom.Also I dont care for the religious part.
The mob around the base of the crosses feels angry. There is a lot of movement and anger.
I get the impression of a pious and prideful man, causing me to feel angry.
The man seems extremely arrogant.  His arms are crossed in contempt.  He has a distinct sneer to his countenance.  He seems put out having to pose for the portrait.
The tree is too close and the grass is too blurry.
The image above shows a woman on white and looks bad.
There is poor composition and I do not have anything that will catch my eye
The woman on the couch looks like she is in distress or pain.
The red induces the anger as the black is some fear. It shows with the different pieces that the person is not thinking clearly but in many different broken ways
The look on her face makes it look like she's plotting or planning something evil.
The first image is of a well-kept series of buildings and surrounding area. This one portrays ramshackle buildings and a cluttered environment.
An abstract correlation of shapes that create a dark and menacing atmosphere. The red paint hold a starling resemblance to blood splatter.
This looks like a disfunctional family scene. The husband is pleading to the wife who appears to be ignoring everyone in the picture. The child looks as if they are throwing a tantrum or ill and is being ignored.
A person in painting dont want to talk.Turning face on other side.
I dont like it to be as close up as it is,also I dont like all the yellow.
The sharp contrast between black and white, and the non-symmetrical aspect of the white shapes on the left creates an irritating relationship.
The color here is what evokes the emotion. In the original, we were awestruck because purple, historically has been a sign of royalty. However, in this one, red reminds me of war and bloodshed, and the yellow makes me think of the sun. This image to me conveys a sun rising over bloodshed; a night battle has taken place. At the end of most wars, we forget what started the fighting, and the senseless killing continues and continues far past what the initial issue is. It makes me angry because those lives were most likely taken for a reason nobody remembers. It's savage.
Two bright primary colors. Both elicit colors of rage and anger.
there is anger and horror in this grey haired and blue waist coated man he looks in fury
This man looks like he doesn't like anyone around him.
Its hard to tell what the blue things kind of.Also the mountain is kinda faded looking.
Mainly it looks too fake too unreal looking.
Red, a color that commonly represents anger, is such a prominent color in this poster of a play which features an angry mob.
The expression on the woman's face makes her look very angry and frustrated.
This guy looks like he could be sulking on something that happened. Or maybe his partner left without telling him
I don't like that this guy has so much power that he needs a scepter
The biggest problem is the water,it doesnt look real.
I feel angry because he is smoking. Smoking causes health issues not only for him but also who is opposite to him, friends and family members
Its looks as though the meadow has been set on fire.
The picture shows red and orange which is the color scheme of anger
The emotion is conveyed in the facial expression by the furrowed brow.
The man looks a bit angry as he's looking at the viewer.
He looks like he wants to start a fight with me.
the red faced and black bearded man sitting with his walking stick looks  menacing and looks fury and rage coming from his face
the boy looks bored and annoyed
The movement of the man to the right makes him look agressive.
The subject has fallen and appears to be shaking his fist at God.
The only part I really have a problem with is the ground.It doesnt look real.
the mans face is growling, he looks tensed up and like he is fighting
The crowd of people all have mean looks on their faces as they look at something.
considering this image looks as if it was painting during a pandemic
The red section under the white and yellow section represents an anger boiling below the surface ready to explode.
The woman does not seem too amused, and her stare is intimidating.
this one legged pirate with intense yellow background and werewolf like face
It looks as if someone wasted a whole bunch of food.
seems like he has not gotten want he wants and will hurt you.
This person looks like they are shaking their fists because he is mad.
This painting is so simple it makes me feel angry
the female subject is being offered up as a meal for the viewer
The man looks like he's not happy with something.
The painting is showing what seems to be a blood. And the detail also is very dark and grim.
This man seems to be bothering this woman and needs to leave her alone
the man in red and black with black hair his face looks with fury and rage he looks like he will kill
The man's face is flat and without feelings.
Dead trees paired with heavy waves thrashing against the mountains put the viewer in a state of anger.
It is really blurry and its hard to make out some of it.
It looks like someone painted this while she was vulnerable
The colors are gaudy and it is irritating to look at this painting and trying to figure out what I am even looking at
There is too much blurriness and some things look distorted.
It looks like the woman is being assaulted by the men and no one is trying to help her in any way.
The bird looks like it is squawking in pain or fear as the man tugs out one of it's tail feathers, which seems an unjust and cruel thing to do to the animal. The man wears all red, suggesting heedless passion, a suggestion corroborated by his action.
The man is squinting and nashing his teeth in anger.
This person in the picture looks like they’re really frustrated by something.
The woman is being assaulted and no one is helping her.
the way the illustrations are painted and the brutality behind them
The man appears to be in discontentment and contemplating evil, which can make a viewer feel angry or even fearful.
The fake smile on this woman's face makes it look like she did something mean.
This work is of a very low quality and appears unfinished.
The man looks very angr as he
His eyes in shadow with his furrowed brow tilted slightly forward and eyebrows slanting downwards to the bridge  of his nose give him a menacing air.
the downturned head and wild hair evoke anger as the subject appears ready to pounce through the canvas
considering there seems to be a cross figure in the background
The man's eyebrows and eyes make him look furious
There is too much blurriness and things look distorted.Also I dont like the yellow.
The red and yellow shape looks like a gloved fist punching upward.
The dull color and nothing going on is very boring and ugly
This man looks like he is holding a sword that he is going to use to get revenge with.
He looks genuinely upset about something and I don't know why it makes me uncomfortable and angry
the withered weather worn man appears to be nonplused and not interested in this process
The man seems to be staving off a person who wants to interrupt his work.
It is pretty fake looking and I dont like the water.
The old man is snarling with his face so much you can see his teeth.
The skeleton wrecking havoc on the city, trampling buildings and citizens alike.  Its brutality displayed by the blood on its legs and arms.
it looks like a parody of asian art, and I'm kind of angry someone would parody such a revered medium
The big person is dominant and the small person is cowering so I feel there is bullying here.
considering this woman looks like she has a haunted hand and face
I dont like the background nor the statue of legs in the middle.
the colors and shape arrangement is way too busy and its annoying to look at
The horse looks like it is missing half a tail.
The man has an angry look on his face and is leaning his face forward in disgust.
The sharp usage of the color red and the amount of it covering the canvass elicits anger or fear.
Two centurions nail an innocent man, The King of the Jews, to a cross.
This woman looks like she is telling the man to leave.
the red colored mountain and the area giving a feeling of anger by default.
it is noisy and the colors make me uncomfort
The bottom of the painting doesnt really match the top.
the layering of colors with the figure placed in the red makes me feel like she centered in anger
I feel compared to the original painting, this one lacks color. They both depict mountains but this one is lackluster. Too much white and not enough detail in my opinion.
There is alot of bluriness and the ground is kinda sloppy.
because women back in the day had to do everything from harvesting to cleaning the farms
the untidy brush bands on the lower part makes it feel like made in rage
The color combination and the harsh, seemingly violent brush strokes make this painting feel angry.
French musketeers fought to defend and protect the crown, crown which was ousted of power by it's  starving people
The overfed baby is going for a smoking pipe, and I'm angered by the bad parenting
The man looks angry in this painting and has a hat.
The chimney stacks pumping toxic fumes into the air.
This man's foul expression make is look like he is about to yell at someone.
seems like he is just saying so what not my issue.
The person's eyebrows are raised, as in he is feeling frustrated and irritated
This looks like beautiful land that someone will turn into space for condos
Its just 2 lines of color with a ugly brown background.
This girl looks like she thinks that she is better than everyone else.
Out of all the photos, this one had the harshest colors and the expression on his face is telling me he is angry or concerned about something
The sea are rough and battering against the rocks.
I find it too be tacky,I really dont find this kind of style attractive.
This painting makes me feel angry because of the overuse of red and it is confusing as just a bunch of images.
It looks like these naked people are swinging their fists at each other.
The red and black colors denote an evil within the subject. Her smirk seems as if she is almost challenging the viewer.
seems like an art hoarder and has a little too much.
The man doesn't look happy, he looks angry.
the subject is angrily dealing with a bureaucrat taking his information
Guy seems kind of like a prick type of man and a little wird and not cool.
The arch of this man's eyebrows and the clenching of his fist makes him look angry.
The crossed arms make me think he is ready for a fight.
Very few of the images are clear. They look like stick figures or doodling. This frustrates me.
The animals in this painting are enraged and filled with negative energy. There appears to be a fight that is about to occur among them.
I dont like the background and it is too close.
the over exaggeration of the subjects facial features shows that they are being mocked instead of celebrated
The jagged lines look like they were painted with anger, it looks like someone angrily threw paint at a wall.
I think I would leave out the entire bottom right hand corner.The tree and whatever those blocks are.
The black bars block what should be a pretty view and ruin the city
It seems very over crowded with the feeling of claustrophobic, when you cannot move freely.
It is up close and kinda blurry and I dont like the background very much.
It doesnt look real.The people look bowy gummi looking.
The water does not look real neither does the red boat.
The man's expression is one of contempt.  I feel he is rolling his eyes and ready to sneer.
The facial expressions of the woman in the left corner of the pictures looks as if she is posing against her will and is afraid.
This photo is completely out of place compared to the artistic and peaceful portraits of women
The way that the police are killing the children might this painting hard to look at.
The pink blush on this woman's face and her arched eyebrows indicate that she is angry.
the reddish face makes me feel pain
The two physical bodies seem to be angry at each other and not in harmony.
The straight lines and square shapes are colliding with the spherical shapes like a train wreck.
The figure on the far left seems to be shouting at the backs of the people leaving the scene, evoking a sense of conflict.
I dont like the top of the hay its not done very well.
The lines are a bit harsh with colors of red and orange that elicit a more strong and negative emotion closest resembling anger.
the people are fighting, there is fire in the background, and dead people and horses on the ground
It looks like everyone is mad at the man in the white outfit.
This painting made me feel angry because of how they were treating this woman and what they planned to do to her with the candle wax.
This man looks angry.  His arms are crossed and his face is scowling.  His hair is all sticking up like the bunches of sticks next to him, all pointy and stiff.
The way the man's eyebrows and eyes are pointing down sharply makes it look like he is angry.
The technique, colors chosen, it's mildly irritating
I dont like the middle where the bottom of the hill is,it looks lopsided.
It looks like the whole town is mocking each other in a drunken state and the poor boy at the bottom right is the only innocent
Too close,and many things are over lapping.
A very strong painting that displays Anger because of the color, subject and how it was portrayed.
the man in only loin cloth looks menacing and with fury in his eye carrying a weapon
Items in this photo seem strewn about and less than organized. There is a level of amatuerity about it, compared to the others.
By the way the women are holding up their arms and looking at each other, it looks like they are arguing.
The red that is exploding out of the left side of the picture makes it seem as if the subject is about to attack the viewer out of hellish anger.
A gathering of people, at a glance like the picture before it's a simple party but as you look closer at the lady in the blue dress she is clearly not amused. Distressed even.
the lady reading the book looks annoyed and unamused
the table is full off stuff and everything is messy but also is the table rally a table or is it some sort of illusion
The image above shows a plain bush that looks deserted.
It looks like a dirty metal box, it's generally just unappealing
A little blurry and the water on the right looks a little fake.
The woman's facial expression suggests anger.
the woman looks as if she is being annoyed by this imposing male figure.
The people have no respect for the wildlife because they just took a stick and beat a honey hive for no reason.
The king has his feet on the poor mans back.
The woman seems very unimpressed and upset by the looks of her gaze.
This man looks like he is mad that the woman isn't paying attention to him.
The blazing color and the drawing being hard to make out aggitates me a little.
the repugnant countenance of the male subject emotes a feeling of disdain and anger
no development and improvement has been made in the city
Behind the strong and stoic exterior, is a man that is angered by what he has seen in war. The red in the back ground seems to be in place to show his true rage.
The waves look like they are crashing onto the sand angrily and the sky looks dark and gloomy like a storm is coming.
This looks like Christopher Columbus, or someone like him. Christopher Columbus makes me angry, because he murdered and enslaved people. I wish any celebration of his reign of terror be halted.
I am angered that someone has made a mess of this drawing.
the man on the painting is seen trying to struggle over something
As I see it, both images are the same picture, but in the one I chose, there is some furniture that is blocking the view in a very rude and unesthetical way. I find it disgusting.
There is a sort of organized chaos here, as if a bunch of things were thrown into this picture and they all stuck
This artwork seems to be depicting some sort of racial divide. The contrast in races is stark and there are some disturbing images of death that conjure up angry emotions.
The people on the horses seem mad at the people they are invading.
There is too much blurriness and things look distorted.Also the black spots on the moutain dont make sense.
The smug face and awful art style is rather infuriating
This painting express the negative feelings like shooting. It makes me angry.
The fruit falling out of the dish as if it was tipped over and darkness of the whole image.
The red and yellow paint resemble fire and heat which I tend to associate with anger.
This guy looks like someone that would have no trouble stabbing you in the back
Too up close and it is faded also i dont like the design right above his head.
The dark hues and large crowd make it seem as if something negative is going on and the pixels look like there is something being hidden.
The man in the red coat is rudely pointing his finger at the young woman while her father is trying to say something.
A landscape painting of a cliffside structure is too dark and lacks detail.
She is too close and the background is ugly.
The black scribbles on the wall to the left of the man makes it seem very chaotic like the artist was very frustrated making the painting.
I imagine this hellfire going on in the kitchen behind closed doors before the meal comes to the table.
The poor baby in this work of art, hopefully a doll and not an infant, appears to be disjointed, missing one arm and burdened a one green leg.
The art style, the way the characters stare directly at the viewer. It almost seems like it melts off of the piece, like they're coming to get you.
The man has an angry frown on his face and is gripping a white cloth tightly as if he was trying to control his rage.
The look in this woman's eyes make it evident that she is angry.
This man does not look amused, he has an angry look on his face
The person in the painting is giving off a very haughty vibe.
It is blurry and its hard to make out some of it,likethe ground looks kinda like water.
The way that everything is thrown on top of this table irritates me, since it is so messy. I want to clean it up and rearrange it.
The image above shows industries and homes around while the industries are emitting dark smoke.
smoking is not good for humans health because its likely to cause health problems
The woman has her back turned and I get the impression that she is pouting.
He is looking off very intently and away from the person who painted it like he is very concentrated.
This appears to be a very angry elephant, or a person with their arms crossed
Small child terrorizing a mamma duck and her ducklings with a stick.
this background color and foreground look as if it is unsettling or distant from the city
This lady, who could be pretty, is obviously angry and belligerent by her expression.
This woman is very angry and is not a happy person in general.
I can't stop thinking how much some mountains look at people lying down.
It is too close and I dont like the fakeness.
the subject is angrily staring at the viewer, daring them forward to encounter him
Passion, love should be a sacred thing and be cherished.
It is not okay to put people on crosses and to then point spears at them.
He looks angrier than all the rest like he did something wrong and he's also holding a cigarrette which is bad for your health.
She was a great wife and cook but she kept sleeping with all of the Pirates that came ashore.
there is irritability and displeasure coming from the large pointed dangerous mountain caps
the subject is claiming divine protection while leading an army to kill and main indiscriminately
This woman looks like she just got done arguing with her husband.
The reds and darker colors makes it seem angrier and more upset
The man in this painting look angry and is mad at someone.
The woman's arched eyebrows and rosy cheeks with no smile says she is angry. The blanket is a shield for her anger as well.
The colors are very aggressive, loud and similar to each other. They do not mix well together.
Nothing is speacial about it.Its just 3 lines of color.Dull and bad taste.
This woman looks like she is poisoning someone's drink.
The arched eyebrows on the woman in yellow make it look like the man upset her.
The weapons and the brush strokes resembling water to look like people have drowned invoke a sense a madness.
Her fruit and plants in her house look very unorganized
The web address across the image ruins the piece.
The picture shows a lot of disorder within the background and the people are drowning in the messiness.
The guy in the background looks extremely small.
the officer has blood on his hands a warrior reday for battle he looks with fury
The woman's facial features  are stern and appear angry.
the empty eye sight and the shape of the lips as if telling you this woman is full of anger and is ready to expose
The peasant looks on at the penis shaped castle in envy. Why is he poor when the man destroying his land lives in that castle. The boy will have his revenge and express his anger when he arrives to the castle.
A personal feeling - such use of technique and colors irritates me
She looks beaten up with a black eye and a bruise forming on her face.
the subject has a smug, repugnant face. He is wearing fine clothes that tell of his "station"
The robed Arab man hugging the naked white woman with long hair represents the haram back when Islamic empires in Northern Africa would invade the Caucasus region each year to capture slaves.
The shadows, and the almost hidden eyes, create a look of anger on his face. It makes you feel angry along with him.
I choose anger for this painting, because this painting is hard to look at. It is not really clear what I am looking at as the artist did not outline anything. The dark colors in this painting also add to the anger.
i can see rage and annoyance in this glasses clad man in big dark overcoat looking with displeasure
The drunken looking, haggard man on top of the young women causes me anger as it seems as though he's pushing himself on her without her approval.
The woman is domineering to the elderly man nd the shackled young man.
The human blocking the pretty background is agitating and annoying
The colors are vibrant and radiate aggressively evoking a sense of rage.
THE THE WATER IS SO BLUE THEN NUT NOW OUR OCEANS NO LONGER LOOK THIS CLEAN.
This streetscape gives me a bit of agitation since there is a crowded feeling.
the monkeys are try to kill the women
It looks like the man is being disrespected and abused like an animal on the ground, which is very inhumane.
The man's bald head and bushy mustache make him look menacing.
This color palette just looks angry to me. The dark colors and the what looks like dripping lines.
The way that this man is clenching his jaw and furrowing his brow makes him look mad.
the vision of a dark drunk, scary night. tomorrow will anger me not knowing what i di d last night.
The woman looks very mad at the viewer.
the shaded man works hard in the heat
His eyes are going downwards and he is frowning. The red under his eyes make him look mad
This women seems shy and this painting is not something she would be excited to do
it's dark and has dark tones throughout and there is no end in sight
The face if the child looks sinister, as if he is plotting something.
The soldiers appear to be confiscating provisions from the peasants at gunpoint.
This looks like people trying to convert a group of people to a religion
The man with the bow looks like he is going to kill birds minding their own business
This painting makes me feel angry because I feel that this poster is making a false claim about what the product can do.
Her green dress makes her look like a snake
The person on the left looks like they are never satisfied with peoples work
the subject sits in his regality and is more important the those around him
I do not like the red sun and also it looks like there trying to canoe on land.
The three blindfolded captives, hands tied behind their back and clad in simple robes.  They're at the mercy of the individual swinging the blade in a death blow.
It looks like the woman in blue is about to strike the other woman.
The warrior in the painting is furiously pulling out his sword as if to smite someone.
She looks like she was forced to do this and is looking around to make sure no one sees her
She is frustrated with her life situation and the anger is boiling in her soul. She is about to crack and all hell will break loose.
The long red, orange, and grey ovals look like lips pressed tightly together in anger.
The look on this man's face gives me a sense of dread and I feel anger from him. He blends into his dark surrounding showing me that he has something dark to hide.
The black lines start out on the top thin and then become more abundant on the bottom, like the anger is growing and become stronger.
pointless shapeless abstract that relies on my imagination to find anything interesting about it rather than author making an effort
This painting is disturbing, with a man plugging his ears up top, and people yelling, and a woman reading and ignoring the others.  IF they are singing, it must be awful for the woman to read and man on top covering his ears.  I can see anger because of the disharmony of it.
These flowers look like they were not taken care of
Too up close and the baby looks weird and scary.
I feel anger when I see deliberate misshapen human forms which appears lazy & gross. The immature use of light/shadow to grab attention along with the face characterizations is not good.
I DON'T LIKE THIS IMAGE SO IT MAKES ME TO FEEL ANGRY
the aggressive red repeating but slightly different images are intimidating.
This man looks like he is giving someone a mean look.
Because the sky seems to boil with anger
This makes me angry because they wasted so much space and could have filled it in with other aspects.
It has a slightly duller look and the flowers shapes are wide also rounder..
There is a website address going across it.
The shades of the red coloring are triggering. Almost like seeing blood
From afar this looks like a piece of ruled composition paper and to me that is frustrating to no end. Blue lines on white doesn't do much for me but make me a bit angry.
The raised eyebrows and thin pinched lips make the man appear to be angry.
This is an image of rich people partying in spite of the poor, and thats never pleasant
The bold contrast of of colors suggest anger.
the dark black block looks threatening and fills me with horror and fury
I dont like the kids,they look very unreal and they look like they dont belong in the picture.
The eyes, the tight mouth and both of her hands in front of her chest show a lot of negative energy
The portrait of this man gives an irritated sensation. He seems to be upset or annoyed.
He seems concerned about something, or like he just heard bad news.
This picture made me feel like I walked myself off with my anger far away from people.
The person's angry face mixed with them carrying large containers looks as if they haven't had a break
It is dark and muddy and hard to tell what is going on.
Too much white and the water looks heavily polluted or something.
the images are blurred and the blue specks of the mountain are positioned similar to a frowning face.
This painting is irritating and made me think of anger.  It's red and has these two pointy/sharp things, one on each side.  It's looks dangerous and angry.
The red eyes look as if blood is pouring from them.
This woman looks like she is going to hit someone with her cane.
The child's face with closed eyes and pouty lips make me think she is having a tantrum.
The mountain doesnt seem to match the picture,its a little too light.
I don't like the dark colors. I also find it difficult to make out some of the shapes/items.
The woman lower down looks like she had been muzzled
Colors can make one have feelings, and a certain shade of green can make the mind tend toward envy and anger.
i feel andry when i look at this photo because he has run this woman down and is stabbing her the violence ughhh
This makes me think about people having parties during the worst COVID times
The red water color seems like blood that is boiling with anger and high pressure.
The color combination and the pattern feel irritating
The brightness and the chaotic nature of the colors makes me feel agitated.
The image above shows a hilly rocky place that is just plain.
The man holding the the paper looks like he's working and the fences make me think it's not a friendly place to be.
The man in this painting looks very angry about something
This pompous fat chef is infuriating in many ways, she seems to be looking down on others
the angry snow toped mountains in the background look menacing and cause fury and horror
One should not always despise someone for keeping the appearance of man.
This man looks like a colonizer from the 19th century and it makes me angry.
What a totally oppressive scene. There's not an inch to move or even breathe. How very irritating!
Makes me angry because it looks like to chalkboards.
I'm frustrated with the fact that a blank canvas made it's way into artistic spaces
Once the snow came in all of the shops started to close.
The women in the bottom right hand corner dont look like they belong in the picture.
How could someone like Herod exist..? how can a human being want to disappear a little newborn..and killing all newborn to make sure the one he was after is included..? Horrific
The man being portrayed in all dark clothing makes him look even more difficult to approach.
This image gives me the impression of nature destroyed and on fire.
The smug look on this girl's face make it look as if she is spoiled.
Crowds of people showing displeasure, disapprove, protesting,attack, dislike, disarray, against, objecting,
THE WOMAN HAS HER HAND UP IN THE AIR LIKE SHE DOES NOT CARE THAT SHE JUST ORDERED FOR THE MAN PRAYING HEAD TO BE CUT OFF.
The man gropes the woman and she looks very unhappy
She is very angry about something and I think she would take it out on anyone.
if a pair of hands in the first image signals contentment, then a full blown battle of angels and demons appeals to anger
The way the lines and colors are arranged brings about confusion, and it can cause someone to become annoyed.
The woman scowl and body posture gives the perception she is angry or disgusted with the painter
Having a bright background like orange is reminiscence of a red bull flag and evokes a sense of anger instead of calmness.
It is a little bit blurry and it looks the water might need a little touch up.
The man with the sword appears as though he is kidnapping the woman against her will.
It is kinda blurry and the ground looks like water.
The red in the painting and the expression that you can see in the face invokes anger when you stare at it.
the subject is asserting his angry dominance with his hand on his hip in an arrogant fashion
This person looks like he has too much influence over people
It looks really fake and artificial the white doesnt look very real.
I can not tell what the light brown circle things are supposed to be.
There is a white spot in the middle that doesnt look like it should be there.
Colonialists caused a great deal of pain and destruction to native tribes in America. There is no justification for that crime
This painting gives me anger, because I feel like the man in it is angry. He does not appear to be in a good mood, and when I see that it angers me.
The colors are overpowering and chaotically placed evoking an aggressive response.
face is red show empression of anger .hair were standing of anger.
This painting reminded me of Adof hitter and the Holicost which makes me angry.
the man's posture and the way his eyes are staring shows anger in his eyes
I dont like the stuff in the background.
The dark and warm colors of the foreground look sad and gloomy compared to the brigth white of the large building in the background. It reminds me of poverty and wealth right next to each other but just out of reach.
It looks like the man on the throne is going to punish the woman.
the man in the front of the painting looks like he is angry with the service there.
Its too close the background is ugly and I dont like what the plant is sitting on.
This lady looks like she is yelling at the bunny.
the body is emaciated and turned away from the viewer in shame
It is too close,it would look better if it wasnt so close.
Its hard to tell what the blue and yellow is on the sides.
The sharp lines and angles combined with the aggressive colors evokes a feeling of anger.
This child looks like he will be pampered all his life
The man is facing away like he got what he wanted so now he is leaving
It makes me mad that people are sitting around watching a man get tortured
Everything seems to blend in and the tree trunks are hard to tell what they are.
There is too much blurriness and things look distorted.Also too close.
the figure's hat blocks out the warmth of the sunny yellow
The person in the corner staring at the person in front of him look so angry
There is too much.Its over done.Too many things.
This man looks so angry in all of his color.
As I see it, there is the same place but in the highest point of the coast. There you can find a woman trying to survive inclement hot wheater as she is wearing a ridicolous outlet. It makes me angry only to think the way women have had to cope with sexism at diferent times.
The bold red contrasting with the deep black shows an aggressive tone.
Its too close up and it is a little blurry.I dont like the background either.
The woman looks like she's bored as she's reading.
The color gives a strong feeling of anger, specially the color and the ambiance of the painting.
The man in this portrait seems uncomfortable and angry. The colors are dark but there is an emphasis of light on his brow which is furrowed and upset.
The table looks very messy and cluttered with all the cups and other objects on it which is frustrating to see.
The sky is carelessly done and the ground is hard to tell what it is.
this shape looks really as if it belongs on a different theme
darkness outside depicts rage, scorn, chaos and commotion
the man is getting beat up by the next guy, makes me sad.
The slanted angle makes this look angry to me.
It don't think this lady likes her long hair very much
The subject has their arms crossed and she appears to be glaring. Her posture looks negative.
The dark splatters contrasted with the red clothing on the falling figures upset me
This picture doesn't have so many trees and also it's not that attractive.
There are several pictures like this here. The technique on how it's made must be hard, but the piece itself makes me uncomfortable with the inability to stick with color conformity. Suggests chaos.
the subject is angry, his eyes pierce the viewer making his emotions and intent clear
I just couldnt imagine this hanging on my wall.I think its bad taste.Not a good style.
The man is going to hurt the woman and she is pleading for her life. She seems powerless, which makes me angry and sad.
A man brutally attacking a woman, with an old crone barely visible in the background.
The painting that I chose had many more reed colors or warm colors that are associated with negative emotions more
the subject sits naked and unashamed, waiting to devour his partner who is seen in shadow
it looks like the man is about to slap the woman probably for a punishment and she looks like she does not consent
The figure crucified on the cross, his hands impaled and bleeding, the lack of dignity signified by only wearing a loincloth.
It is too way too close and the middle looks it has hair out no where.
He has the look of someone I work with who can be mean, demeaning, and hateful.
The boy at the beach is finding small crabs and crushing them with his shoe. He has no respect for animals.
That bear looks dead and this person might have killed them
This painting makes me feel angry because it is very chaotic disorganized and confusing.
This man looks like he is yelling at the woman for reading a book.
the painting is dark and the face has no emotion which cant be good
The horse and the guy in blue dont look like they belong in the picture.
The horses were forced to work from sunrise to sunset, only resting at the mercy of their owners.
Religious imagery that elevates a random man is frustrating to see portrayed
The naked figure dancing upon the altar is enraging.  Furthermore the religious figures kneeling before the dancer is infuriating.
The painting has so much anger and hatred stored in it with all the colors chaotically painted and thrown into the canvas.
The man looks like he's not happy at the viewer.
this photo of Jesus crucified on the cross it makes me angry because they hung my savior on the cross beat him and i get angry when i see photos like this
Jesus is angry with the way people are buying and selling in god's temple.
considering this painting has a symmetry that is very dark
the person is aiming at the palace with his bow and arrow, this will start a war
the bright yellow mountain in the background of other large mountains gives off pure fury and evil
This is upsetting because the man is right in the middle of the road.
THE MAN WAS TREATING THE WOMAN RUDELY
The woman shrinking away from the man who looks upon her with cruelty
This girl looks like she is throwing a tantrum.
by the look of the woman she seems to be angry about an issue
This photo is similar to the original but causes me to feel anger, I notice a change in the text and font but can not interpret it. I am curious and angry as I wish I could understand the text.
Two sets of lines--one in cool tones, the other in warm tones--on opposite sides of the canvas with a wide, blank expanse between them, makes me think of war. Within both sets there is a line that contrasts with the ones around it, echoing the set on the opposite side; despite these commonalities, the two sets appear to be in opposition.
The intrusion of the uninvited Church is blatantly seen dominating the original architecture and people
Walking through all these plants seems like it would be very itchy and annoying
The red hue of the light gives an angry atmosphere to the scene, the drinkers are gesticulating like they are arguing, and there is an overturned bench in the foreground.
The color palette is almost opposite that of the chosen picture. Dark color palette also points towards negative emotions.
This woman looks like she is mad and going to squish the village with her foot.
abandoned house with an abandoned town in ruins
getting anger because the man sit upper the cow
It looks like the woman standing is telling the other woman off.
This art seems to bring a lot of emotions that are negative. Pain and anguish is the best I can describe this art.
The coloring within the details of her face and the turn of her lips makes her look annoyed
there is annoyance and displeasure in this mans eyes and gaze wearing a red hat and black gown
This woman looks like she is angry that someone took her clothing.
This man's raised eyebrows and frown show that he is angry.
This painting looks stark and harsh. The lines are severe and there is little decoration to warm up the scene.
There is too much blurriness and things look distorted.Too much green,too much blending in.
the many red evil fragments of this red tiled gown looks in vexation and displeasure
The red lines make it feel like I want to be mad about something.
The shapes and colors are all over the place like they are fighting with each other.
The wild lines just scribbled around makes it seem rather boring and unimaginative.
This lines are erratic, sharp, and pointed with no uniform pattern.
This looks like someone made eggs and only gave me a little bit
The smattering of red on the man's face indicates fury as he shakes his fist. The knife at his waist shows the depth of his anger.
I dont like how it looks like it has alot of lines.its also blurry and distorted.
The woman standing up looks like she is mad that the other woman is in her bed.
Things are over lapped and too congested.Also its hard to tell if thats an animal or suppose to be a person.
The man looks angry or annoyed at the bird sitting by his shoulder.  The colors are all dark and depressing adding to the emotion of the painting.
The woman being groomed crying out in distressed as her hair is being violently pulled.  Her hand reaches back to retrain the woman combing her hair.
This guy looks like he looks down of people of different races
The child on the hill seems to be spying on the swimmers private moment.
The girl looks like she is angry that the boys are leaving her out.
The lady looks smug and haughty. She has far too much wealth and seems to be looking down upon the audience.
The color red usually refers to anger. And a lot of red in the picture
The image chosen made me feel anger as this man clearly knows he did something bad as his face does not show any remorse.
The chosen image reflects some kind of bad behaviour. It seems to be the other face of the coin regarding the first image. Totally disgusting scenario.
because this type of waters is often polluted and lacks life
This painting makes me feel angry because it is so disorganized and very confusing it is hard to tell what it is supposed to be of.
the red color used to paint the figure gives a sense of anger and uncertainty
The dark colors make me feel angry as if there is an unwanted disturbance looming in the air.
the naked old man is molesting the child and deserves to be punished
The repetition of only the number seven is unsettling.
The factory is emitting all that toxic smoke into the environment and polluting it so it makes me angry.
The guy looks like he has gotten fat and happy off of other peoples work
The only part that I dont like is that it dont have color.
the shadowing creates a heaviness and the dark green surrounding the man contrasting the black hair
The tight corners and converging angles are unsettling. The spire casts an aggressive shadow that points urgently away from the focus point. There are no people to soften the architecture. The opaque windows are unwelcoming, inspiring bristling defensiveness.
The vessel in the center deploying cannon and hitting the helpless vessel across it with a broadside.
This guy looks like he does not have a care in the world and has lived an easy life
The baby does not look real and I dont really like what shes wearing.
This woman looks like she is about to bully someone.
It is very beautiful when you see places full of greenery.
This painting is a riff off of the iconic LOVE sculpture in Philadelphia, so it represents copyright infringement.
the fear in the night sky engulfs the ships of doom and fury
picture is not clearly viewed and like that natural sorroundings
The drawing is simple, yet there is a lot of emotion in the piece. The face of the person, low brow, no smile, such anger on the person.
I think the man here is being detained, they have wings and it looks like they are supposed to be a good person.
It looks like the man with the guitar is yelling at the women.
This guy is whipping himself and probably does not deserve it
The red background and the ferocity in this girl's eyes indicate anger.
It is blurry and distorted and I dont like the background.
There is a judgmental air about the man in the painting.
The woman is dressed in a revealing outfit like a sex object, yet she has a child she is trying to keep from falling off a precipice.
Flames engulfing the empty whiteness of the painting
This reminds me of when a light is too bright and is shining in your eyes
This man's body language gives a confrontational feeling as if he is arguing with you or telling you exactly why he's right and you're wrong.
the height of the ceilings coupled with the intense darkness of the room and the spots of red
This makes me feel angry as I think of subjects being forced and coerced by religious abusers.
The brown house in the middle seem very angry and appears to be pushing the one IN front.
The red color in the background elicits an anger and the abstract figure in the foreground reminds me of someone beheaded.
The image above shows industries that are emitting dangerous smoke.
Looks like theres something wrong with the first pictures girls chest at the top.
It looks very unreal and I dont like the red at the bottom.
It looks very fake,very unrealistic looking.the top right is very weird.
The person is both gross and smug, as well as poorly drawn
Way too up close and it is kinda blurry.
A naked woman clinging next to a man. With a red color background makes it strange and has a horrible background. It emphasizes fear and anger.
the man's facial expression and body language portray hatred
It looks very fake.Pretty much blur and distortion.
The woman's scrunched face gives off that of one in deep anger.
she looks like she is too good to be there and doesnt have time for the person to draw her
Just black, nothing going on here , not art , too plain , boanky
This rich woman makes laws that make the poor get more poor and the rich more rich.
It looks like the privacy of the couple is being invaded by others.
The hillside looks as if all the plants have been purposely removed and it is brown and dead.
its too close and some of it is kinda blurry.
It looks like the man is arguing with the lady with the cane.
The innocent sex worker with fear on her face is not allowed to decline the unwelcome advances.
I am picturing a war scene. The soldier standing has killed all the people in the lower left hand side.
The scribble, the imperfect edges, and the white ripped portion make me feel angry. All the other artworks were perfect, whereas this one is not.
It looks like there is war going on and they are attacking the person
This woman looks like she is throwing away flowers that someone gave her out of anger.
The very angry red coupled with deep black is not designed to anger the viewer but the color scheme is angry, violent, non comformist.
The yellow lines look like half a swastika. The grey is a very boring, bland grey like the color of a dismal office block. For a color block, it is an unpleasant one to look at.
the intense oranges make it almost seem ablaze in fire
The color palette gives a sense of fury and discontent.
Too up close,it would be better if it wasnt so close.
This woman looks like she thinks that she is better than those around her.
Seeing the face of someone in the background makes it look like they are peeping
The old woman at the foot of the bed has an angry scowl on her face which looks unfriendly.
Very artificial looking.And the sky is hideous.
he really stands out with the anger and hate he is showing.
Letters are off-center, colors are garish and irritating, image lacks cohesion and spacing is offset in a frustrating manner.
The elephant is being attacked by a guy in a chariot. Perhaps a war??
This woman looks like she got so mad that she left home.
You can tell from the serious look, envokes feelings of anger. Also note the angry jaw structure
A painting which exemplifies anger based on the scenery and the detail, It is very easy to tell.
the jagged lines and  loud bright colors are off putting. the dis jointed figures are also unsettling.
I find this hard to follow and confusing like it's mocking me.
This painting makes me feel anger, because I feel like the man in the picture is angry. His way he holds himself in an angry stance, with an angry face makes the entire painting feel angry.
It is very blood boiling to know that the man nailed to cross got killed because of human greed and sins.
There is alot of blurriness and its hard to make out some things.
It appears that the samurai is prepared for war and is angry.
The fact that it says "re-elect" in the image instills anger in me for fear that Donald Trump will get re-elected as president of the United States.  I am angered by this because he was the worse president ever to take office in the United States. He was full of lies and has no morals and caused a riot to take place at the capitol building.
The stone looking object on the table looks like a man's head and it looks angry, with one eyebrow (left) lifting up.
there is action of fighting in this painting which makes one angry
the off-centre line across the green block is irritating
The group of people in what seems to be a police station all look outraged and furious.
The man appears to be a strict religious leader who oppresses others.
This woman looks like someone said something offensive to her.
Deforesting of the countryside was in full swing with greedy logging companies showing no sign of slowing down.
the subject is taking notes, passing judgment, removed and alone in the work, sitting in front of graven images
The person is haughty and pompous. He has an irritating self-assured facial expression and is clothed in a ridiculous amount of jewelry.
these people pictured could possibly be fighting over the bag the two people are holding onto
The painting is very chaotic like it was painted with no plan in mind and they were just throwing paint into the canvas.
for some rason i feel really mad when i see this image, it is lime the representation of all the anger that i feel.
The people with the flags look like they are rebelling against unfair laws.
The man in the portrait has a scornful expression on his face with his eyebrows tipped downward in a deep scowl.
This woman is creating art, but it is upsetting as it is a very feminine form of art that was perceived acceptable for a woman during the time of this painting.
they seem to be having a disagreement, body language of the one says im not happy about something the other one did or didn't do
The two the way are looking at each other, one is ignoring the other and one is angry at the other, they seem very heated.
The woman and man in the picture both look very angry at each other and look as though are fighting
A man is scowling sidelong. His lips are pressed into a thin line in anger.
These flowers should be shared with a lot of people not horded in a garden
This woman looks like she is conspiring against someone.
Both men in the painting are enraged and are fighting each other.
Fierce horses, the angry eyes of the men holding swords and the bright red and grey colors used, give the war field anger feel.
The orange color is a reminder of fire and the jumbled up order of events doesn't make any sense.
They either already have, or they are about to crucify him like the men in the background!
The woman looks like she is annoyed with having to be an object in a painting and is being sarcastic with her posture.
These two women look like they are making fun of someone in the distance.
One can see a righteous figure forming in the in painting.  The palette and the lines all give a feeling of fury.
Because no on take care of this building
The soldiers are forcing the man carry his own cross to his demise. While is family and neighbors are watching in grief.
Red often means anger, and the dark red rectangle over the figure’s right eye looks like a furrowed brow.
There is too much blurriness and things look distorted.I dont like the yellow part under her head.
She looks cold in those shackles. I'm angry for her, who knows what's going to happen now.
this painting almost seems like this lady was forced to do this
There are too many flowers in this vase and that is why a lot of them are drooping
The boat to the right seems to be on fire with the smoke coming out of it.. I imagine the boat on the left bombed it. I feel like this would be during a war.
This is just a red square. It is not art.
Jesus's expression as he hold the cross is obviously one of suffering. The people around him seem to want to hurt him. The person to his left looks like he is yelling, and the person above seems to be holding a weapon and pulling Jesus's hair.
The mix of colors is haphazard and chaotic and it makes me annoyed that I can't make it into something defined.
I'm angry at how the men are trying to grab the female angel who is trying to fly away from them
The place seems overcrowded and claustrophobic with everyone on top of each other.
The painting actually tells about a group of man competing for one woman, and most of them is struggling
This boy's tight lips show that he is angry with someone.
This woman looks like she either smelled something rotten or someone told an offensive joke and she's about to curse them out
The water looks very fake and the black dots toward the top right hand corner are hard to make out what they are.
The background is hideous.Looks like it was suppose to be clouds.
The women look angry. One of the women in a red garment is scowling.
The face I see in the picture makes me think of old warriors.
the people living in that place is irresponsible about the environment.
It seems it is badly beaten and hurt
This is rather offensive and definitely annoying: the baby-girl images and scenes that are somewhat suggestive.
The woman looks like she is angry and hostile while looking towards me.
This person is obviously cheating at this game of strip poker
This required more structure and order. The attempt at being whimsical failed and went exactly the opposite. The red dripping into the blue looks like blood.
This person looks to be tied to this tree while being beaten
This place is filled with so many people from all walks of life.
The bright red blob looks like a patch of blood.
It is a tad bit blurry and the grass is a little slimy green.
There is alot of blurriness and distortion.Some things are too make out.
the utter aggression in this mans face wearing black robes and looking mean and ready for a fight
The furrowed eyebrows on this woman make her look angry.
The tracks in the painting look like ruts from a vehicle that drove through and interrupted the serene forest.
this rage and displeasure coming from the face of this old man turns you in your grave
This guy looks like he has owned slaves at some point
This gentleman looks angry about something.  His eyes very clearly look distressed or angry about something off to the side.
There is something chaotic going on here.
The original image has a man spying on the woman-bird in the background, and this image has the same feeling. The man in the back is ugly and makes me angry he is behind her like that.
The image appears to be poorly drawn black face and I'm angered by someone doing that
The blue plate looks like it dont belong in the painting.
The boys are grouped up together and are fighting with is a scary topic.
There is a snarling angry expression on the woman's blank face as she sits in a black dress.
the figures are meaningless sitting in the middle of a field without any reason or context
Is the woman in trouble and made to read rather than eat dinner?
Everything is pretty blurry and some things are hard to make out.
she seems stuck up and like whatever i don't care.
The teenagers at the park spray painted the picnic tables and ruined it for all the rest of the community.
Why did this person need to die?  Why have they been decapitated.
The little girl has an unhappy look on her face like she was really uncomfortable sitting in her blue dress.
The scowl on this woman's face and the clenching of her robe shows that she is mad about something.
it looks like the woman was found dead or murdered and the man in the middle doesn't care
These people look like they invaded this house and are hurting people
I think of how hard my father worked us on the farm and wish life had been better growing up.
The woman's folded arms and cold stare evokes a feeling of indifference.
the strident shade of red feels aggressive to me and makes me feel anxious or riled up
Darkness and heavy/thick brush strokes feel angry along with the lack of blending. Rage painting.
The frown on this woman's face makes it look like she is mad with the child.
The man is smug and scoffing while well-dressed, which is never a pleasant visual
I feel angry because this man looks like he was racist
this man looks really angry at having to pose here and that Jefferson wouldn't let him sign the declaration of independence
Seeing the back of a woman naked makes me think she does not know she is being looked at
even though there are many color in the picture, like a rainbow, but the expression of this man tells a different story, like he is talking to someone and being mad
There is a lot of black colors in the image, signifying anger and darkness.
everything is mixed up with no real rime or reason
The sky is very blurry and so is the grass.
Two youth hung for their beliefs are now exalted as martyrs.
The two subjects are being hanged and there seems to be a saintly type figure behind them. If this figure would have helped, these people may not have been hanged.
there is fury and rage in this boys eyes deathly and deadly temper
I dont like the trees they dont look very good.
Anger is a completely normal, usually healthy, human emotion. But when it gets out of control and turns destructive, it can lead.
seems kind of stuck up and annoying and not happy.
In this painting both person are talking with the angry so it feel me anger.
The angel looks like it is saying stop but the woman isn't listening.
I had a mean teacher in elementary school who made us copy in handwriting articles like this often.
The image above shows a blurry bush with no much details.
The boy looks mad that the man stole his flute.
Why are the fruits out there when there is a perfect basket to use
The man looks frustrated by the woman in white walking behind him and arguing with him.
It is just a little on the blurry side.
Deep red sunset is stark against the looming dark clouds. Angry storm is approaching with rough waters.
The fat rich man is block the view to the poor exploited girl, and I hate seeing that
The person on the far right doesnt even look like he belongs in the picture.
Dark, steep, rocky hills with a castle kingdom on top that looks like a dominating big government
The large amount of red color and unclear pictures can elicit a felling anger and frustration.
The set of his jaw and the expression of his eyes is that of anger, which gets my guard up.
the eyes are extremely focused and the red emphasizes the intensity
This painting makes me feel angry because I can't tell what it is supposed to be.
It looks like this man has either harmed or just killed this woman
"Cruelty is perfection?" What kind of message is that? Why did they kill her? The bald thing doesn't even look human.
Its hard to tell what the ground is.Is it snow?Also the sky is a white blank.
The smoke from the cannon fire spewing from the broadsides of the two ships as they are engaged in battle.  The outcome remains a mystery until the smoke clears.
This path looks like it's overgrown, which means someone isn't doing the weeding it needs to be cared for.
the darkness of the painting hides something and the man has a menacing look on his face
life is hard and short when you farm
The aggressive large brush strokes and shades of black and dark blue gives it an angry feeling.
Blurry and the brown looks like its muddy water.
At this angle it looks like the someone is peeping on this woman without permission
I can hear the two women yelling at each other while one is straightening and untangling the hair of the other about pressure and pull.
The castle is engulfed in flames on all sides. War is obvious as there is a man riding on horseback welding a sword heading towards the burning kingdom. There is also a black winged demon in the top left of the painting foreshadowing the destruction and death.
The scowl on this man's face and the tight fists of his hands shows his anger.
The man has a dutiful expression, but he looks a little angry.
The top left has some white spots that look like they shouldnt be there.
The subject of this painting is making an annoying expression. I would not want to be his friend.
The clouds in this picture remind me of smoke and it angers me that nature is on fire
The bow tie is in a odd spot,it looks kinda weird.
This man looks so stern and angry. The way his forehead is creased and his lips are pursed make me feel unwelcome.
An evil wizard is about to cast a spell on someone.
The building on the bottom right corner is very blurry.
The determination in the man's eyes suggests a certain rage and fury that looks threatening
the rage and fury coming from this mans eyes and gaze look menacing
I dont like the blue thing on the left toward the front.
The angle of the woman's eyebrows and sunken eyes is smug and mildly infuriating
The woman and cherub are huddled in a fetal position while being scolded by a demonic figure.
The woman has a red splotch encircling her eye, possibly from abuse rendered by the man with his hand draped over her arm. Blood appears to be dripping from the wound.
Looks faded and blurry and the clouds look very fake.
with the hat it looks like they are making fun of native americans
The colors and brush strokes make me think of rage
People are dressed alike and heading to the same place.  Conformity to this degree can't be a good thing.
The dark clouds, hints of red in the distance, and the crashing waves give off a sense of fury
The lady is being used as a sacrifice, she is chained to the tree, the serpent is heading to eat her. How horrible.
This makes me think about how long it has been since I have been with someone I liked
the look on this mans face glaring brown eyes of doom and evil destroying in sight shows displeasure and vexation
Looks like someone carelessly did three strokes and thought it would be creative.
Too much orange.And the black stuff in the sky looks weird.
This cat is ready to ruin a perfectly good piece of meat that was intended for dinner.
Makes me feel angry because the sky is doesnt look real.
The constant changing themes of each little section makes it very difficult to know what is being displayed if anything at all.
he seems a little smug and seems like he is looking down on me.
This painting of a river with nothing but water trees and sky makes me feel irritated because it's so boring and lacks imagination.
This woman looks angry that she had to abandon her dreams.
The way this guy is looking it seems like he is looking at someone who does not know
The man looks like he is being harassed by the people outside of his window.
the military guard lavishly displaying the spoils of their victories with the portraits of their conquered victims hang on the wall
The man in the back doesn't look happy with the man in front.
the green darkness of the nasty forest with fury and rage coming from the grey and black clouded skies
There is a sternness in the image; potentially boredom, really.
this is a digusting picture and i chose angry because it makes me more angry ...someone has got this child naked, with a cap on that makes me think he is Jewish, sitting in this field.  Is he punished i am sure this is humiliating to him.
people are looking down with serious faces
Seems like he is just not really feeling avist right now
I dont like tree,theres too many people and too congested.
The death of the man lying on the ground, a spear jutting through his skull.  A hand raised to head in anguish.  The legs splayed in his death throes.
His facial expressive is annoyed with his hands close together as a shield
A dark haired man is frowning with wrinkles forming between his brow.
The person in the throne looks like they have too much power
The man's angrily scowl and dark clothing makes him look like an unfriendly individual.
This image seems to be disrespect the flag of a country
I feel this image was anger
Too congested and blurry some things hard to make out.
He is desecrating a beautiful thing in the deep woods.
An exploding volcano always looks angry to me as if Mother Nature is angry herself.
the picture depicts the grim spectacle of the brutal bull fight
I dont like the yellow thing at the bottom or the brown at the bottom or the white stuff.
I am angry that this picture is just some lazy black squiggles.
It looks like them tryingnti help Jesus after being crucified and makes me angry that people did that to Jesus.
The guy looks like he is flirting with someone right in front of his significant other
It looks very fake.Its hard to make out what the dark blue is suppose to be.
the smug attitude of the male subject speaks to his belief in his station in life
this image shows boats that looks as if they are alive
classist and full of leisure - these people don't have horses out of necessity but for leisure
The facail expression made by the second women make me to feel anger
The dark shadows are hiding the two men that seem to be angry and accusing the man sitting at the table that the light is shining on.
Two individuals who've known each other a lifetime. From afar, this may seem like a friendly interaction. But one might wonder, does the one doing the washing have a choice in the matter?
It is too close and I dont like the background.
Some of the clouds look like they dont belong in the picture.I dont like the grass in the middle either.
The houses look abandoned and forgotten and may not be homes anymore.
they seem like they are plotting something like a war
the subject is trying to catch a pegasus and capture the majestic creature for himself
The grimace on this woman's face and her posture make her look angry.
The man has a furrowed brow and looks to be frustrated as he writes
this photo seems as if someone is about to get on the horse and ride into battle
this man brought in communism to china and under it an oppressive regime that punishes citizens
There are people killing others who are unharmed, even little babies.
the subject is judging the view with his disdainful visage
Rainbows makes me think of happiness and peace. The second image is quite the opposite with drab color and a decidedly unhappy feeling. He looks angry at not at all peacful.
This place looks quite dry and no one to take care of the area.
Whenever the woman orders around her servant, she calls her stupid trash, and makes the servant feel worthless.
The man has a frown and looks displeased.
It is too close and its face looks like a turtle a little bit.
This looks like Christopher Columbus, who was a disgusting human.
The person in this painting has a smug expression that suggests he'd be insufferable to be around.
this woman looks as if she is not the happiest or having pleasure doing this
The white at the bottom of the mountain looks very messed up.
The woman in stripes looks like she is mad that the other woman is being catered to.
The person in the photo looks quite sad and is frowning so much.
The splashes of red on the snow look angry and frightening.  The dark colors feel ominous.
The strong usage of warm colors give off an angry feeling
The beautiful woman's hands confined behind her back as she's forcefully retrained.  Despite the light expression, danger still lurks from the person who captured her.
It has the other leg and arm.Also there is another leg to the right.Not my style of picture.
The flowers on the left look like it is time for them to be switched out
There is alot of blur and the white is blending in with things.
The colors tone and depth sparks emotions of anger.. It's subtle but hits primal feeling for me
It would be better if the guy wasnt there to me.
the man appears to be forcing himself on the woman in anger
They look like they are fighting and the archway reminds me of a gallows.
The flags being flown make me think this is a colonized nation
It seems like a bunch of people toppling on top of each other, it seems very claustrophobic and frustrating to be in.
Based on the look in the man's face, the lady is angry at him. Not yelling but hitting his ego hard with harsh words.
He looks very angry and threatening. I would not want to encounter him.
This guy looks angry and for all I know he has a weapon in his pocket
Collection of human portraits, facial expression disguised each from the other.
Her facial expression does not inspire confindence with an observer
The evil man is trying to kill the angels in the sky.
These men are forcing themselves on this woman and no one is helping her
This feels very aggressive, aggressive, and seems violent.
Reminds me of stupid angry birds, and its wonky.
It looks like the girl insulted the lady at the table.
This person looks like they are smiling because they stole some flowers.
considering the background looks as if there are hundreds of people waiting
This man looks like he is really bothering this woman
This man looks like he is angry because his eyes are squinted like hes looking towards someone
the man has a serious demeanor
The man with his mouth wide open seems like he is screaming in anger.
Theres alot of blurriness and some things are hard to make out.
It looks messy.There is stuff in certain places that looks like messes.
The color conveys anger and the unfocused image is very dark.
The stuff in the sky doesnt look like it should be there.
the male subject reclines in an arrogant posture a sneer on his face
The clouds could use a little more improvement, the beach also.
I feel anger at this painting, because to me it just looks like a mess that someone needs to clean up.
this woman looks in fear of the kids throwing anger at her she is doomed
The man looks like a smug asshole.  He is looking off in the distance like the person who is painting him doesnt matter
The darkness in this man's eyes depicts an explosive temper.
This image makes me angry because it negatively depicts black people
The background could use improvment especially the clouds.
The subject of this painting bears a rather contentious expression.
Very fake looking,also it looks water logged.
Way too close and I hate the brown at the bottom.
A man's body language is upset as his arms are crossed over his suit covered chest. His thin lips are turned down in a frown.
This painting is not good because the person is very anger.
Slaves appear to be working on the king's wall. Slaves are not okay.
I can portray this image and see that it looks like these people may be trying to break into this door, it angers me that someone would do that.
I feel like this image is comparing a black woman to a spider, what kind of art is that?
The angels are bad angels and are hypnotizing the old man to take his own life.
The black and red colors symbolized angry colors
there is not context to it with colors or anything.
the mans face is growling, he looks tensed up and like he is mad
The woman in this pictures seems upset or cross about something. Not pleased.
The woman looks very angry with the viewer.
It does not look real and it is kinda blurry.
This painting is a bit aggressive. It looks like perhaps there is a storm in the water.
The people are all worshipping the pharoah and he is just sitting there doing nothing.
The red colors and the use of a weapon provoke evil feelings.
This person is looking very haughty and contemptuous, looking down his nose at the viewer. His tightly pursed lips suggest anger.
she seems to be kind of snobby and stuck up.
The color choice is aggressive feeling. The line choice draws the face in to frowns when seeing it.
From the shadows and the color of the windows, the house under the tree looks like it is on fire. It has an ominous feeling, and originally, without looking at it in detail, it seemed as if a fire was blazing in the house, or that someone in anger set the house on fire.
This piece makes me feel confined and trapped.
The overall tone of the painting seems dark and gloomy, and the bright red block gives off a furious feeling.
Its disjointed and difficult to see what it is representing
The person in the top right of the painting seems to be causing some distress to the family in the photo. They are hugging and protecting each other from him. Something bad is happening and it makes me mad and uncomfortable.
I feel is the anger image
the man's sharp glance and turned around stare
The sharp and sudden changing lines of the landscape give off a sense of aggression. The horseman crossing the plains seems to be fleeing in panic from what is coming.
Its the tower of babel.It is a tower of shame.
I dont like close up pictures,and I dont like the bottom of her hair it looks like hay.
Wasteful and inviting disease.  Something that could have been given to others wasted.
The use of the colors, notably the orange, yellow, and red makes the painting appear to have a burning fire throughout the entire painting. This fire often symbolizes anger, like "flames of fury", which is what this painting elicits from me.
With the dark background and the way the man's head is tilted, it's as if he is examining you and finds you lacking. His eyes analyze the viewer and come back with a negative judgment.
It looks like the man is about to club someone.
This guy looks like he thinks he is smarter than anyone he meets
The woman looks like she's not impressed with something.
The old woman in the painting looks furious and fierce.
Looks very phony.The lion and the animal he has both look like they dont belong in the picture.
The yellows used are dirty and the lines are hard and cold.
The man is wearing an angry face and appears to be greatly upset.
The sky looks blurry,1 cloud looks very weird.
The women are posed in a quarrel of sorts evoking feelings of aggression.
the woman looks tense and bored as if she is wasting her time
the man sits atop his broken horse, ready to hunt and murder wild animals for sport
The person is being pinned to a tree for murder and it is disheartening.
the entire picture looks covered in little bits of dirt and nicotine brown
Things look tilted and it is faded looking.
There is a mass execution that is occurring. There are soldiers lined up shooting unarmed people. There are also dead bodies littering the floor.
The man is daydreaming while the woman is tired from all the child work
the painter of this one just captured the wrath in the scense of one person
The big foot and the title of the painting crack down gave me the feeling of anger
The subject's sullen eyes expression and hard, piercing gaze are uncomfortable and judgmental.
The posture of the creatures makes it look like they are getting ready to engage in battle.
The use of red colors brings about a sense of anger and fury as if the animals are about to fight.
The man looks very angry as he's looking at another angle.
The person's eyes seem to show anger and power
the one lady is about to pour wine over the others
The book in the center surrounded by many other abstract shapes make it difficult to determine what is going on.
This painting makes me feel angry because I feel like it lacks even basic creativity and is a waste of a canvas.
The glare in the man's eyes seems hostile and the way he is clinging to the object in his hands also shows anger
The woman in black looks like she is annoyed by the woman with the book.
this picture of sacrifice shows a true level of rage and fury and a wrath of the people
This painting shows spots of garish colors flung without creating any structure. As an intelligent fine arts viewer, I'm feeling angry at the waste of pictorial space.
The eyes are looking in anger way.
i am not entirely sure why this picture angers me but it reminds me of a darkness that is evil
Without context, one person should not be harming another. This inspires for action against brutality
This guy looks like he thinks he is really funny but no one laughs at his jokes
image is unfair fight using  animals and wapons to kill smaller animals with spears and suchlike
The two men are in the field looking as if they are confronting each other about something.
Woman are being idolized for doing common work.
The angle of this image makes it look like the women are being spied on
She looks like she did not know that she was going to be painted
It looks like the two women are fighting with each other.
The clergy member in this picture is trying to stop a huge fight from breaking out in this picture. The picture also has deep dark shadows in the background.
There is alot of blurriness and the blue spots in the sky dont look like sky.
My biggest problem is the water,it doesnt look real.
There is a smothered contempt that flows from the face and blends into the walls
The woman's facial expression as well as the dark dress and background seem to paint a picture of someone looking for revenge
This painting feels angry with its colors and chaos.
The beautiful painting is obscured by what seems to be a portion of an ad, which makes me frustrated and angry
The line of naked women could be in a concentration camp awaiting their turn in the "showers".
Everything seems very convivial and pleasant in the first painting. In this one chaos reigns. People have disrupted a pleasant eating establishment and there is dishevelment everywhere. Even the sky seems dark and forbidding. Anger has broken out and caused chaos.
because the women seem to do all the entertainment while the men judge
The man shows a flat affect  with no hint of a smile.
Seems like summer is ending and the fun times will be over.
The disjointed lines of the painting makes it feel chaotic as if something is very wrong.
Blurry and distorted.Also some things are hard to make out.
The factory of "Fine Art" portraits does not oppose the agenda set for their creation, but it does disturb one that follows the history of the Church narrative.
The naked woman has her hands upstretched toward the harsh sun  as though protecting her small child.
There is too much blurriness and things look distorted.Also things are blending in.
He looks like a bad person, and I don’t like how he’s gripping the object in his hand.
I have not worn sunglasses since my mean older sister snatched a pair off my face when I was a child.
the bold cockiness of the matador while chatting up a young woman is clearly evident
the subject looks sternly from the page, angry and disinterested in engaging the viewer
The subject of this piece looks quite serious, like a soldier or someone whos presence may illicit fear in people.
Raging horse, the horse rider's grim face and ready to strike with a spear creates anger feel.
The harsh scribbling looks like the artist let out his anger and frustration and I feel it too.
An elderly man seem to be upset with his fist clenched around his wooden cane.
These people are being dehumanized as if they are animals
B is dominant The painting looks like a woman sitting in anger and the predominant lback color
This woman looks mad that the man and woman behind her are talking.
he looks like he wants to say something smart ass to me.
The kid scolded face and also the eyes show he is ready to cry.
Lady showing some titties but no pussy.
The giant person looks quite evil and the many small people seem like a representation of humanity getting brutally abused.
A monkey with a sinister look on its face is stealing food from a table.
The way he is sitting make him seem like he is being arrogant to the lady
The man has his hand up like he's shushing the woman away. He's pretty upset looking.
The warm colors used in the painting make me feel anger
The painting seems to be describing an argument that would lead into a fight
This man is expressionless and has the eyes of a dark cold abyss.
His eyes and mouth form a condescending expression that infuriates
This painting makes me feel angry because the expression on the face of this man makes me feel like he is angry or sad.
These two men seem to be looking for someone that they can attack.
This abstract painting has several colorful smudges on it but there is no central subject in the artwork.
Notre Dame burned down for a reason.  Maybe whatever goes on inside is the reason!
The part on the far right has too much in it.Everything is blobbed together.
man displaying colonialist medals conveys a sense of dogma and exploitation.
These girls look like they have to hide from someone
The woman in black looks like she is telling the other woman that she isn't welcome.
The man is sitting and has a worried expression, while is looks out beyond his reach. The worried expression causes anger and discontentment.
this man is giving the side eye to someone not pictured. showing them attitude
Colour scheme and face expressions clearly shows anger and rage
the pagan alter and symbols cause confusion for the viewer, pushing their perceptions and ideas
Cannon balls fly during a battle on the calm bay.
The wate rdoesnt look like water and its kinda faded on the top left.
This man looks like he is striking the woman with his hand.
The dark colors and sharp objects have a dark tone.
This woman looks like she is stealing someone's crops.
It looks like this man is unhappy that someone turned him in.
This person seems as though they are crying out in anger.
Wrinkles on the forehead, tightness of mouth and the line drawn under the eye give anger feel.
This image is almost identical to the original but harbors darker colors, and is much less appealing. It almost feels like a reproduction.
The freeform like colors seem enclosed in a container of some sorts giving a feeling of being stuck. The patches of red like blood suggest a struggle to get free.
It was unpleasant to see the cruelty and contempt on the faces of the warriors in this painting.
These men look like they are mad and whipping someone.
If we all knew wind energy could replace fossils energy why did not we start using it before if in Netherlands has been used for centuries ?
It looks like this woman was forced to leave a party.
The painting shows a battle going on and you can feel the anger within the battle.
This looks like an awesome location for a house I will never own
The boat lok like it was on fire
The man on the right looks like he is going to slap the other man.
The recesses of people's minds is on show in this painting. There is a sense of superiority as the man stands above those below.
The fire coming out of the frog's eyes is agitating and weird
The painting has a very negative impact. It gives an angry feeling from the artist
The women with an attitude on their face and the man behind them is not an accurate protrayal of Asians, especially in this era.
This child has lived a much easier life than many others
Its infuriating that it's just blank canvas on blank canvas
This painting makes me feel anger, because I feel like it takes beautiful ballerinas and makes them look bad. They look very dirty and sickly.
Another example of duality. From the color scheme, the red surrounding this person gives me the impression of impurity and anger.
Alot of it doesnt look real,the rock is hideous.
This man looks angry, like a lord that will take what he wants from his people without care for what they want or need.
the man looks like someone stole something from him and he is out for revenge.
This man seems like he is angry with whoever his is talking to.
The man looks very angry with the viewer due to how he's posed.
The women doing laundry are probably overworked and it is a sweatshop.
I dont like the yellow or the congestion.
The smoke billowing and the absence of farm life makes me assume something bad happened.
the furrowed eye brows and the position of the body almost with the back to the camera expresses anger.
The scowl on this man's face exposes his anger.
the man looks like he is angry because he is in a lot of pain
the red tones are intimidating and the arrangement is in dissaray
This poor woman, likely forced to brothel life, being groped by this man is so tragic. I'm angry at the man looking at the painting
this young woman seems to be angry and not enjoying herself
The building in the background takes away from the serenity and makes me feel like I have to work or deal with people or situations inside the building that i don't want to deal with.
Some of the people look a bit mad with the woman.
the subject has his brow furrowed and is staring into the distance, disinterested and angry
The image makes me sad its gloomy and dark
A man is holding a spear, expression severe and his stance confident. His battle-ready demeanor is evident of an upcoming war.
The man is holding his weapon with so much anger.
Whereas the original female of the first painting seemed young, fresh, sweet and innocent, this woman seems angry, bitter and resentful. There's almost a look of madness and mental mania in her eyes.
The image above shows a bush with strong winds.
Despite the appealing style and color scheme, the subject matter of factories polluting an otherwise pristine landscape angers me.
The pursed lips of the man and the furrowed brow indicate the man is holding back angry and chagrin.
The fierce expression of the figure as well as the gesture of the figure suggest anger.
The shadowing of the piercing contrast against the white frowned brows
Frowns and the darkness reflects well the anger
The sidewalk appears off on the left hand side, and the people appear too short.
There is a website writing on it.Also it would be better without the statue of the horse.
missed opportunity to do a great painting but is stupid impression painting.  Looks blurry as fuck.
These people are ruled by an unjust ruler and are forced to live in poverty and unfair circumstances.
The contrast in colors and shapes give a weird contradiction.
This looks like a tree people would be hung from in the past
Illustrates the overburden of women and women or color who bear a load that is too heavy for them.  This elicits a reaction of anger at the inequity and heavy burden some groups have to bear.
The look on this person's face feels judgmental and superior. They look a bit snobbish.
This young woman in short pants and leaning back in a chair has the sullen, insolent expression of a defiant teenager.
The darkness of the trees are like scars on the hillside.
scattering of random contrasting colours and the silhouette of a barely visible figure in the middle
considering this woman is showing that she is much better financial wise than others
Even though the colours of the painting are subdued; it still evokes anger, because of the distortion of the arm, and how the hand is pushed so hard against the mans' cheek.
The cows are crowded and uusally do not lay down unless they are ill.
Weird,it looks like the tree is growing from inside the building.
It looks like someone made the queen very angry.
The woman in the picture has an angry expression on her face and the background colors are dreary.
Seeing a painting of her from behind makes me think someone is watching her
I absolutely cannot stand pop art of celebrities.
she seems like she is angery at me and that makes me mad.
Two malicious beasts manhandling a terrified, bearded, shoeless man.
Two men in the drawing are attacking the figure in the middle with mischievous expressions.
This person looks like they are not in control of their own life
While the first image shows a man who is content and comfortable this image shows people who appear angry and bored.
The woman is forced into service by the me to provide them with water.
Just glancing at all the reds, yellows and other dark colors, the way they are used sparks anger and distrust.
The man portrayed looks dissatisfied. This is exemplified with the colors used.
The text describes a fiend showing someone something as an onlooker frowns in the background.
The person standing up could possibly be scolding the person sitting on the ground
This man looks like he is conspiring to take over the world
you can hardly tell what is going on in this picture because it is made up of mostly a bunch of different colored dots
the guy on the left seems to be attacking the guy on the right
considering this type of cliff looks awfully sharp and uninhabitable
The red colors make it look like the man is full of anger.
The menacing look on the woman's face shows her anger.
The lack of detail/clarity in the landscape is frustrating to look at because it feels unsettling and hard to understand
I would say I feel more irritated than angry when I look at this painting of ugly clustered buildings and the unnatural look of this painting
The man has an angry frown on his face and his face appears to be turning red.
This seems a polluted area by the smoke.
The fruit appears to be rotten lie someone has forgotten about it.
The red line on the far right side makes the painting seem off center and off balance.
The image above shows a horse that looks angry with its front legs up.
The executioner wielding his sword against the poor soul kneeling on the ground awaiting their disastrous fate while two other decapitated individuals lie nearby.
reminds me of WW2 - seems like people are being lined up and one person is being held by another. the bulidings are falling - looks awful
The man is fat and haughty in his opulence and its angering to see such needles excess
I dont like the brown by the mountain.
The blonde woman looks like she is yelling at the man.
The painting shows a couple that are having an argument with each other.
The image above shows a woman that is showing her boobs to a small boy.
This makes me remember someone that I want to see but I cannot yet
The use of a bright colored background can illicit anger while the male figure has a smirk on his face which looks a bit devilish.
i feel anger looking into this dark photo it really looks evil like a group of people are throwing someone over the bridge
It is kinda blurry and the fence is hard to make out.
The conquerors from the East has arrived with expansion for the motherland on their mind.
The colors are all on top of each other like they are fighting which makes it looks very chaotic.
considering these people are picking flowers and not vegetation
Seems like she is about to break my vase with flowers in it.
The 2 men and girl look like they are watching the cou[le and maybe talking about them.
It is too close and hate the background.
This guy looks like he make inappropriate jokes often
He looks like he is looking down on me.
I'm pretty frustrated that someone has painted over this good work of art with a massive grey box
Effeminate painting of such important religious leader of thousand of millions of people only m
the subject is daring the viewing to come forward, angry at being interrupted in his studies
The way the man stares to the side evokes anger.
The boy looks like he's not very happy with something.
Drunk guy looks like he is saying something nasty
the art is subjetive but when i see all that different kind of stroke i feel like the person that painted this just let it go all of himlseve
the single black bar feels like a punch of anger coming through
The black form emphasizes the red stripes, making them look like an irritation or menace.
This is unkept land that is dirty. There are no plants and flowers to resemble growth.
the angry red mountains in the picture shows rage and fury from its brown rocks
He seems to be mad at me!
The look on this man's face makes it look like he despises those around him.
the women in the photo is naked and looks like she is about to punch what she is holding
The images appear to be pieces of buildings or signs--but they are put together in a seemingly haphazard way, which is extremely frustrating. I cannot draw/get any meanings from the image.
This man has a look of disapproval with the way he has his arms crossed and is kind of pursing his lips. I almost feel like I did something wrong.
Because, In this picture they two were showing their angry to the men.
The image above shows a painting that is black and white form.
the choppy brush strokes and color give a feeling of control and oppression. the yellow part looks like a figure carrying a heavy burden or a cross
The masculine woman looks very angry and contemplating bad thoughts, which can lead a viewer to think about something that makes them angry.
i dont like her smirk she looks like she might be arrogant
This man looks angry and potentially dangerous, the paint strokes of his outfit look like they were put out in a fit of rage
The sea is quite but the wind is roaring. The tree is moving at a great speed, which can be uprooted. The gods are angry.
the women looks mean like she is judging you
This woman looks like she is ignoring someone that upset her.
The image is dark and very orange, which makes me angry. Maybe just because orange/yellow are my least favorite colors though.
These kids look like they are being forced to play a game they do not want to
The man's eyes and smile are genuinely smug and its pretty angering
Fighting, battlement, and lose of life over that silly looking castle.
He looks angry and untrustworthy. He looks like the type of man who would pretend to have millions but secretly be in debt.
The man in the painting looks intimidating. Even though he has outstretched his hand, it is not a welcoming gesture. Instead, he appears to be looking down all other humans.
The red and black look like lava coming from a volcano.
The redish brown line around this black background brings me anger because it is so dark.
It looks like a sack that enclose with a drawstring.
the ship is hunting whales, decimating pods of amazing sea creatures
Too close and her neck doesnt look like the neck she would have.Its too thick.
This woman looks like she is yelling at someone.
The ground is messed up because there is too much white.
This looks like poorly done abstract art.  There is no symmetry or resemblance to something occurring in nature.
Henry Ford built a great car but not everyone wanted one.
I dont like pictures to be close up though this one isnt that bad.
the arrogant manner in which the subject is posed slightly turned to the viewer shows his contempt
The red in the mans armor makes it see like he's ready to fight.
the color does not emphasize on anything and green color is just mess.
The beach is dull and theres an orange spot on the right that looks like it doesnt belong in the picture.
Seeing three dead birds that were hunted by this little girl makes me angry that she could kill them yet still look so happy.
This painting makes me feel angry because I'm not sure what it is supposed to be of and I find that very annoying.
The trees look like they are angry
The old man with the long white beard is frowning his face and scowling.
The man in this image portrays an air of arrogance with his heavy fur robes, his ornate cap, his heavy sword - attached to a chain around his neck - and his hand on a building as if to express his control of it, and others. It is an image of pomp that is overdone, especially in contrast to the relative youthfulness of his features, suggesting that he is attempting to display an importance he has not yet completely earned.
His facial expression makes him look like he does not care, or like he appears like he is better than everyone.
The man has a concentrating look etched on his face as he uses a spear to strike an alligator. The sharp point of the spear is embedded deep in the alligator, causing its imminent death.
seems like a painting made out of anger and not happy at all.
The priest looks cruel and ominous in his vivid red robe.
The person on the left looks like they are trying to strangle the person on the right. It looks like a conflict painting.
the woman looks annoyed and disinterested in the child.
“Seeing red” means to be angry. The black shapes in the lower right corner look contorted or mocking.
The painting is chaotic. Red clashing with purple gives an angry feeling
It doesnt look done.plus I dont like the doubleness of the horse too much.
the subject is alone, back bent from his back breaking labour
People are doing hard, brutal dangerous work in order to build a fabulously ornate 'house of god' - a large church or cathedral.
The expression on the woman’s face seems very stern and not nice. She feels angry.
It looks like the woman is going to punch the man.
This reminds me of being forced to have to go to church
It has too much going on,too congested.
I would fix the left side more on the hill.It doesnt look too great.
A little blurry and the canoe could use some touching up.
Dark, angry, dying flowers being the focal point.  Has an overall ominous sense.
These men look angry about their working conditions and like they are plotting against their boss.
The codes in the middle of the picture spoil the image.
The man appears to be screaming  in one of the images in the painting.
He looks like he is in a rage and venting or complaining about something.  He is yelling and his face expression shows anger.  I feel sympathetic with his emotion.
i notice the liquor and broken wine bottle and this leaves me to think that there was an altercation
This image portrays anger in a definitive sense. The tilted hat gives him that ever disiring mafia look.
Angry facial expressions, lack of the color red or any cheerful color.  This gray, tan with a bit of blue looks like she is hating whatever is happening and wants to hurt someone.
the face is full of anger and unhappiness
This woman looks like she just killed the animal in her arms.
The dark edges against the lighter color of the buildings feels sharp and mean, the out of focus softness makes the entire picture look like its melting.
It is different from the one in which the row is located.
It is up to close and Im not a fan of the style,wierd is ok but this Im not a fan of.
the man looks angrily from the canvas, his disdain is palpable
this photo angers me very much because it dipicts someone just killing  and leaving it there the items appear to be birds maybe turkeys
Artificially lit beings and their victims do not belong in national parks
The person that has these flowers needs to take better care of them
The motion of the lines highlighted with red is like the frenzy of frustrations
The shade of red pops off the page and makes it seem vary chaotic
Its just too congested,I really dont like any of the houses.
The shapes and colors of the objects seems familiar but not familiar at the same time, it is very frustrating.
The yellow frame around the black box is agitating
The dull, yet garish, colors and the placement of the object in space seems noxious, with just a hint of violence in the observable brushstrokes.
The person's eyes in the picture seems like they are angry and frustrated
The man is angry as he's looking at the viewer.
This looks like a church that is just unnecessarily extravagant
It looks like theres a house inside of a cathedral or something.It has many things that looks like errors.
It could be a knife but as a whole the abstract imagery in this is sharp and almost emotional in a dark way.
Too up close and there is alot of blurriness.
She liked to wath but she never jumped in to help with the field work.
This horse looks like he does not enjoy being ridden by this person
His cheeks are red with anger and his eyes are pleading. Is his handout gesture a plea or an offer of solution?
The woman's arms are crossed, she is frowning, and she's looking away from the viewer.
The two naked men seem to be receiving some type of punishment from the man in the suit. Based on their body language, they look like they feel, or are being made to feel, inferior.
she does not seem to care that slaves gave her the good life
The tree looks like it has badges on it.
The man looks like he is about to yell at someone who is saying something he doesn't like.
The colors of red and orange display madness
The woman in red looks like she hates combing the other woman's hair.
paintings are not clearly finished that make a sadness
the subject looks like an angry vengeful autocrat about to lunge off the page and strike
The ship had been out there for a while and they were bringing scirvy to the port.
The image above looks ancient and is black and white.
Incomplete work, unfinished coloring, untrimmed edges and messy painting give anger feel.
The man in the portrait has an angry expression.
This looks like rape. Is she getting raped?
It looks like animal torture or perversion so it makes me angry.
the twisted vulgar naked picture of bodies in utter vexation and a whiff of furry and rage
This man looks like he would have no problem having slaves if he had the option
I dont like the plants on the right,they have too much of a whitish green look.
The leaves look brittle and shriveled up with the brush strokes that were used.
The image of the artisan kneeling in the mud as the upper class walks past makes me angry.
they feel anger because they did not win
The way this woman's hands are on her hips make her look angry.
The person on the left reminds me of a racist organization
It was such a beautiful city until the Germans bombed the place.
As in the featured image, this one shows part of a town. However, these buildings are situated next to brown muck/rock instead of a vibrant neighborhood.
The letters written on the painting ruins the beauty of the view
His eyes looks terrible and tells the anger story.
This man's expression gives off a sense of arrogance and snobbery. I find it very irritating.
his eyes and expression seem to show anger. He is staring at something with anger in his eyes
The paint splatters make me think of the stress I'm dealing with.
The beach image is of crashing waves but it is unclear and blurry, this is not preferred.
The uneven line brings chaos and anger to the perfectionist.
I am angry and frustrated because I don't understand or appreciate this
This painting makes me feel angry because it isn't of anything but a bunch of rainbow stipes painted on a canvas which I think lacks imagination and creativity.
Dark and makes me angry at it.
She looks like she is part of a royal family and has a haughty demeanor
The street is crowded. There are a lot of people standing around rather than walking, and I would be agitated trying to move through them.
Really close leaves that dont look real.And the other plants dont look real either.
The men outside of the church are fighting and killing each other while the man inside is being crowned King. You can feel the hate through the painting.
The darkening sky blocking the setting sun, create a a dark mood.
The place looks darks probably from pollution
There is some white markings on the wall.
A violent storm is brewing and tossing the water about
Again an older man is smug and condescending, and it irks me
this image brings me anger, seems like he's run away from his family.
This is fine compared to the arid mountains.
The people in this picture seem to be being victomized in some way.
she seems angery and like she has had it and is tried of me or something.
There seems to have two people fighting and then a neutral person comes in to stop the fight.
This image appears to depict war upon Native American lands.
The sarcastic look on the man's face is condescending, irritating, and angering.
The image above shows a painting looks bad and plain.
this painting makes me angry because it looks like the aftermath of a war and it has destroyed the land and made it desolate
The horse and man walking down rocky mountain road and the not well maintained trees give anger feel.
The flowers are wrapped in paper when they should be in a vase of water.
Big problem,the water looks the same as the road.
the people look like nomads and beggars trying to find food.
This particular image promotes a slight feeling of anger because the color red is very overwhelming
This man looks angry and judgmental,
His face looks mad and upset
The man in the photo has an angry expression. This makes me think he is upset
the contrasting colors shown remind me of anger
The stark difference between the red and black sections, along with the angular nature of the image.
the balls of bright bold red connected by tangles makes me think of anger
I dont like the black thing or the white dot.
The lines going through the bright colors at the bottom into the red are angry
It seems as though this piece may have been created to express some rage.
The look on this man's face shows that he is angry with someone in the room.
This guy crossing his arms makes me think he thinks he is tough
The man on the left looks like he is saying this people do not care to hear
I dont like the background it could of been better.
The shapes and lines specifically in this picture look like they were drawn with anger.
The people in the back look mad at the lady in the front
the trees on the earth next to the raging river show fury and  rage
This man looks like someone just hurt his feelings.
There is a riot happening in this picture. People are being attacked and hurt
The artwork depicts a brawl. I feel a sense of anger and frustration because of the scene. As a peace maker I wish people would be kind to one another.
I feel anger when observing this photo, this man appears to be pondering or scheming. It leaves me wondering what he is thinking, I feel angry, and considerably threatened as to what this individual could be developing.
The women is staring ahead and her mouth is turned down into a frown as if she is angry.
The path is shredded and unkempt in abuse. I imagine a team of horses being whipped and carriage tires bouncing and slipping in and angry haste to create such marks.
This man looks like he is smirking at someone's pain.
There is alot of blurryness and distortion.The grass looks unrealistic.
Once upon a time, her life was wonderful.She was beautiful and in love. Now, when she looks at him, she can't hide her distain.
The drums of war began to beat louder as military heads gather to plan their next attack.
This woman's eyebrows make her look like she is plotting against someone.
I do not like seeing fruits or vegetables just sitting out like this
The way this man is folding his arms and frowning shows that he is upset.
The children look like loss souls because of abortion.
The men's are acting violently and the woman looks to be scared of them.
The painting is quite blurry and it surely gives a indifferent feeling. The feeling of uncertainty
The sky looks like smog and pollution.
There is too much blurriness and things look distorted.And some congestion.
The man is this portrait is displaying what appears to be anger, which makes me feel his emotional state
The image above shows an ugly tree that looks bad without no details.
The artist looks like he’s angry at his stereo and he tries to turn it off by hitting it and nothing happens
This work of modern art depicted a flag that somewhat resembled the U.S. flag but instead displayed sloppy rivulets of red paint dripped over the canvas.
The scene looks cold and lonely and like the people here are just here to make other people look good.
The part of the plant that is hanging down looks like a fish.
The blurry image takes away from the beauty of the piece.
This painting is full of dark angry colors.  The man is holding a weapon and appears threatening
Doesn't look like he's a happy person and with a gun who will he hurt or worse because he's an angry person
The painting makes me angry, because to me it just looks like a mess of paint. It isn't a painting of anything in particular. It looks as though the artist has just dumped paint on the canvas.
The angry  red blotch of paint in the middle of a black back drop  shows  an angry color.
Too close and the red is too vivid for the bird.
The colours are too bright and jarring and not pleasant to look at
The deer looks angry, as if it's expecting a predator or opponent.
The white paint looks like it was just painted frustratingly like the painter was angry and mad making it.
The pyramids in this painting resemble the pyramid shaped mountain range in the original picture.  It makes me angry that this society used slave labor to create man made mountains to bury their kings under.
Dark and chaotic colors with no happiness.
Too much congested and things are over lapping.
The old man has an angry scowl on his face with full contempt behind it.
He looks like a mad ruler that would chop your head off.
She looks like she is tied up to be enslaved. Her knees look like she has already been beaten.
She seems like she is being made to do something against her will.
The people need to get away from in front of the horse and let it move
Bowing down and serving someone never feels right to be.  I think everyone is worthy.
This makes me think of how I am not good at art or guitar
i dont like how they draw the children nude for the world to see
Theres little pieces of black stuff in the sky hard to tell what its suppose to be.
The person on the left looks like they do not want the attention of the person on the right
The lady is looking at the pet with so much anger
It looks like someone put their cigarette out on the tablecloth.
It's reminiscent of driving a long time to get to an outdoor event only to see storm clouds rolling in.
the blackness in the centre of the canvas is hiding something distasteful
The red filled moon represents hatred and anger towards other people.
Raised eyebrows, too many stick clips used for the hairstyle, tight lips give a anger feel.
The red spot looks like a face thinking 'Ooops.'  The blue seems  to be just the angry work of an artist who didn't like what they did, so covered it all up . But once the vision was gone the only thing left was some angry spots of color, that you do when you know it wont be good , anyways.
The different color streaks of paint makes me angry and I would use these colors to express myself.
The eyebrows and facial expressions made me feel some sort of resentment overall.
The artist’s wide-eyed stare and dark furrowed brows make his expression fierce.
The position of his eye brows indicate that his is angry in this one. He must not want to be disturbed.
Both ladies in the table seem sad and none seems to be talking to the other
There is way too many people,it is too congested,
the reds, oranges, and yellows give the view the sense of anger and fire
The orange flows like flames burning through a bush of red leaves.
It is blurry and some of their legs look deformed.
A little bit too up close,faded blurry and distorted.
the bold reds and thick black line look aggressive
This makes me think this is trying to say women should clean
The man looks like he is coming up with a devious plan.
war in any forms brings anger to my heart even in artistic form. Deaths is negative energy
They are killing and fighting, and it looks like they have slain a horse. The horses do not deserve to die for the humans.
The war shows rage and anger in the soldiers.
The red colors make me think of how I want to vent off my issues.
This guy looks like he is trying to be cool in front of this woman
this image looks careless and too simplistic as if little care was had in it.
the rocks and mountain range look in horror and fury at theur greatness of evil
The red background and the person with their knees up make it seem as if there is a feeling of madness.
The kid looks like he doesnt belong in the painting he is very blurry compared to the rest of the painting.
the face on the cup is out of place and has an odd style
this man looks to be ordering someone off picture to do something
the subject is angry and his furrowed brow and snarl show the view that he is aggressive and could pose a threat
This is different than a well dressed woman.
I dont like that the woman in the middle has her breast uncovered.
this picture shows the  crows being  made reaady and i get angry when i see something like this .  Jesus should have never been crucified
Warriors are off to battle. They hold the spears, the moment before the fight. Is it an invasion?
The women lived in constant fear of her abusive husband.
This sketch makes me feel angry because it is dull, void of color and is not at all defined and not being able to tell what it is of I find annoying.
The royal is an absolute brute.  He displays a stoic expression as he steps on one individual while shoving another head into his lap.
Seeing people washing vehicle, cattle and dropping trash in the river and pollute gives a anger feel.
Wine,flower fruit and vase one empty other vase had flower.
It looks like the woman in red is telling the other woman to go away.
The water looks like its oil it is also faded.
The man is trying to control an unruly child which is not an easy task.
The man has a level of arrogance that is off putting.  His luscious beard and top hat represents greed to me.
The expression on this man's face and the weapons make it look like he is going to attack someone.
Rough and careless scribbly application of stain in unappealing way, while also confined tightly in boxes
It is too close and it is also kinda blurry too.
The image above is boring and looks shallow with no much details.
I know this is art. This made me feel a little anger because the sheep/ram being used for transportation.
This painting makes me feel angry because the man in the depicted here has a foul expression on his face.
This painting makes me feel angry, because the two different shades of blue makes my eyes hurt. If the artist would have split the blues up with other colors or used shades that were less close in color it would have been better.
Someone has made you afraid of them and therefore is responsible for your negative feelings, then you can feel anger.
the color is used in this one are pretty dark, it could have been bright and showcase those people expressions.
The primary subject in this scene seems to be using his power in a harmful way, which angers me.
This image overwhelms me. The words all jumbled together and the shapes thrown about haphazardly It makes me feel irritated.
There is almost a person-like shape made of the shapes on the left side, and the brown colors and black circle look like a painting easel, so it looks like a painter dissatisifed with its artwork.
The diagonal shapes give a strong sense of harshness.
The number of animals displayed in this painting give an impression of overcrowding and intensive farming evoking anger in the viewer.
The shadowing on the face of disappointment emphasizes moodiness
The way the deer is just laying there like it got murdered, it feels wasteful
She looks like she's simply there to get the portrait done and leave.
The sketch appears to be too simplistic--almost as if a child drew it. The individual in the sketch appears to be pointing angrily at someone or something else.
the shadowed eyes and heavy lines that envelope the face
The people seem to be tired, or ill, and the woman is yelling at the other woman like she blames her for the cause of it.
that kid looks like a bratty handful
This guy looks very smug like he thinks he knows everything
For me this image is the same place but it has lost water and life that use to gain in it. All because of human selfish behaviours interaction.
the dirty browns are ugly and stain the soft calm blue
It is very blurry and distorted.Also it is too close up.
Some of the top looks upside down and the steps look funny too.
These men look like they slayed another man.
The dull town looks strange between the flowers and rainbow
The image above is blurry and has bad shouting colors.
The woman in this painting appears insufficiently dressed to care for her baby, and even seems at risk of squishing him; I felt really disgusted to see this.
The arched brows and scowling expression of the main figure and the black clothing and grasped sword look villainous.
This guy looks like he can make smart inappropriate comments often
Very fake looking and if you didnt know better you could think theres a road at the bottom from the yellow lines.
The depiction of fury expressed by the mythological figures of the centaur and merman as they are about to clash in a battle, while the figure behind them blasts a horn, evokes a feeling heated anger and rage.
The scene depicts a battle camp, but either a king or a sort of religions figure, showing that this is a holy war. War is anger.
The clouds look like they form an angry face in the sky.
The lady  is seeing this mirror very closely and showing anger face
The bald man is looking at the bearded man with anger and grabbing his clothes.
The man's fiery eyes make it look like he is mad at someone.
the fast strokes of the lines reminds me of fury
This woman's clenched jaw shows that she is angry.
This man as a looking forgive from the standing in front of him.
the sky looks angry and the colors are basic
The vibrant yellow and red going in opposite directions on the black background make me feel agitated.
There is too much blurriness and things look distorted.Also too many people.
My chosen image seems to be of a person who is connected in some way with the girl in the first picture. In that way, this girl is for sure so much sadder and helpless than the first girl.
the male subject is daring the viewer to come forward, he's closed himself by crossing his arms
There is fury and judgement on each of the faces and they feel prepared to attack
I find the style very annoying and I definitely dont like the orange part.
This guy looks like he thinks telling inappropriate jokes is funny
The water looks really fake and the white is really blurry.
The waves are violent as they crash against the rocks. The u shaped strokes of the water give of a sense of aggression.
It was all fun and games until she found out she was pregnant.
The man is looking down with a tight brow and pursed lips.
The subjects in this painting appear to be in a fight or rebellion. If not that, they appear to fear the man on the throne.
The woman looks like she is mad that the clown is sitting next to her.
The man in the boat looks angry and the people beside him have a sense of arrogance about them
it seems like that woman was brutally murdered, also i think she was naked which make it even disgusting and bad!
The cross hatching to create the images and cloud of darkness looks angry
The man's sly eyes and smirking mouth look like he is up to no good, and the leaning forward posture seems like he is about to lie or gossip.
It is too close and there is some kind of writing on it.
The intense look on the soldiers face with the scared looks on the angels and lady's face makes me feel anger as if he is going to do her harm.
This image conveys confrontation and violence by the actions of the characters.
This guy looks like he lives or has lived a very undeserved privileged life
the women looks angry like she is mad at the person behind the picture
The watermarks show up the most on this painting and takes away from it and makes it look cheap or ruined.
the way the occean is showing turmoil and the stroke are long and strong
The figure in the shadows appears to be fanning out their wings and pulling in their victim
This looks like people are bowing down to someone who does not deserve it
This guy looks to me like he would not have problem owing a slave or two
Dull and boring,only certain people like this kind of art waork.
The right side of the sky is messed up a little bit.
The red background and deep crease between the man's eyes make the figure look mean and discerned.
THE MAN IS FUCKING THE WOMAN IN FRONT OF THE CHILD IT MAKES ME TO FEEL ANGER
He's facing away from the viewer, his hands look like they are on a sword sheath, and his face displays anger, as if about to attack.
The look on this woman's face and her nice dress make it look like she is getting revenge on her lover.
These kids should not be outside at the beach naked
considering this logo looks as if it has hidden meanings
The expression on the subject's face conveys anger. He seems unhappy and confrontational despite the celebratory scene behind him.
this picture is highly inappropriate and i dont like it
This photo makes it seem like the woman is looking down on people that isn't within her nature.
The use of orange and red invoke a sense of madness and fury especially with how the colors are chopped up.
Because the man in the image seem to be so angry and may do something terrible
It looks like its trying to be unique but its unique in a bad way,clumbsy.
The lack of details and simple design, like the plain orange heart, makes it seem very low effort and not much thought was put into it.
I think its the sharp lines of the flowers that make me feel slightly irritated.
the chaos on the page looks like the embodiment of anger
The people shown are in the middle of a battle with weapons drawn .
This woman looks like she is trying to get away from these men
The mother looks mad at one of her children.
It looks very confusing, which in turn makes me a little angry
This painting made me feel a little anger because the tree appear to be chopped because not being utilize for human consumption.
The two people are looking at each other as adversaries.
This man doesn't look like he wants to be bothered by anyone.
The ground doesnt look right.It needs some lines or something.
In this sketch the man looks angry with his lips thinned and his eyes looking like  he's disgusted at something.
its just all over the place and makes me mad that the lines aren't straighter.
The abundance of the dark red colors evokes the feeling of anger and frustration.
The colors are much darker and blend together a lot, making the shapes hard to distinguish.
The men are looking at me very contemptuously like they hate my guts.
What is going on with that poor child, surrounded by white folk. Is he okay? I really don't like what's going on here in this painting.
There is a struggle between two people in the painting.
This sketch of several people is not very clear and you cannot see much detail in the image.
The woman's crossed arms and frown show that she is mad.
This guy looks like he judges people unfairly
Both the waters and the clouds seem to be angry
This guy looks to be bothering the woman and she wants to be left alone
The image above shows a man looks angry and furous.
The use of these 2 colors being clearly divided can symbolize various events and conflicts from our past and future. The darker color being one side of an idea, the brighter being the opposing concept - which eventually turns to arguments. It revels at the idea of separation rather than blending and existing as one.
The man does not seem amused and he looks rather irritated that his work is being interrupted.
I dont like the windows on the right side,there very fake looking.
The above figure seems to have power by their colorful attachments, but seems to lord their power above the other figure
A medieval doctor who probably doesn't have the faintest notion of anatomy performing an autopsy on a poor dead soul.
the black hole look scary and some person are fighters look angry.
This horse looks like it is being weighed down by all the stuff on top of it
In a bit of heightened rage, a man readies himself to throw his older shipmate overboard.
The splattering of red give of a sense of anger, but cooled by the intermittent blues.
The painting appears to depict instances of rape; several women flee in the background.
the men in images look angry and ready for war.
The paint are all put on the canvas very chaotically with no gentleness used like the painter was angry making it.
The painting is busy and muddled and creates a very chaotic atmosphere
The reds and yellows makes it look like someone is lashing out in anger
This picture seems to imply that sex and sexuality is something for the devil
This painting makes me feel angry because the girl is holding her leg and the woman on the sofa appears to be completely ignoring the girl.
The image is disfigured with heavy blurred lines
It seems like a beach that is way too overcrowded and personal space is being invaded.
The sky is aflame with rage, which is reflected by the waters. The clouds look like some emitted from the flames.
The image above shows a home stead with many houses.
Seems like she's be repressed.  Makes me anger when can't be yourself
The threatening way the man is hold his hand and the woman with her head pointed downward
While the original image shows beauty, growth and possibilities, this one shows death and finality.
the anger on the face of the subject leaps off of the page at the viewer
Watching parents pull their children through the cold and wet makes me sad.
The lady in the middle looks weird like she has too much on.
the eyes and the darkness across the subjects face
The man in the image seems to somewhat anger, where other images depicts positive emotions.
The people n the building look angry at the people dancing.
this makes me feel anger because the man looks kind of sick
This painting makes me angry, because it looks evil. In the middle you can almost see a skull face. It looks like a depiction of hell.
The background in the picture is too scribblely.
The painting is very abstract but the women in the photo look like they are very angry which makes me feel anger.
it looks inappropriate because of the father and daughter who seem to be happy at the park.
I can feel aggression and sadness from this art.
This areas looks like a lot of deforestation has taken place.
The image above shows a photo that looks bad and no much details.
The man looks like he's not impressed about something.
There are too many people and it is kinda congested.
This artwork has very subtle lines in the white areas and the image is very boring in its subject matter.
The image above shows horses and people on the sky.
this is an awful picture to me it represents a torture chamber and it disgusts and angers me
Very fake looking.Very unrealistic looking,Hard to make out what the dark blue is.
The black couple getting married is painted and almost comical way as opposed to respectful.
This painting makes me feel anger, because I don't see this as being real art. It is not even a painting of anything that we as the viewer know.
The monkey is making a mess out of the flowers and food and making everything look disorganized and ugly.
The facial expression of the man looks aggravated, and his hand seems clenched against his stomach.
This man looks like he only cares about himself.
looks like they are mad at each other and breaking up
This woman looks like she is breaking up with this guy.
She was a good wife but she sure liked to show off her knobs from time to time.
Another fat rich man in fine clothing, which is always frustrating to see glorified
the male subject is sprawled across the canvas in a superior way, taking up space
Red cheeks and sparkling eye are very wild.
The image above shows a city that is blurry and very congested.
There is too much blurriness and it looks distorted.
The men in this painting look like they are actively gossiping about the person viewing the painting. They look like they are disgusted with you.
The colors especially the yellow and red combined with the square shape and splashy paint make it look like artist was angry
Wrinkles between brows, shape of brows, pursed lips, tightened jaw
This man looks disapproving and angry as if you might have invaded his space.
The man caught his wife with another man. He is angry and looks like he wants to kill them
The way that this woman is clawing at herself makes her look angry.
the separated colours speaks to the seperation of races and genders
It is blurry and the womans face doesnt look real.
The painting is right in your face.All kinds of leaves right in your face.Too close.
the man on the horse is carrying a fire arm meaning he is going for a fight
The dude is killing the lady. they are both naked so he probably assaulted her too.
The male figure appears to be stabbing the woman.
The sad gaze and deep look like `bad person
The way the man has his eyes squinted towards me, it makes it look like he is suspicious and does not trust me.
In my chosen images there is people that seem to be criticising the guy with the horse. I got infuriated as I was seeing it.
It is blurry and distorted the sky and the water is really bizare.
The left side is too close up,I dont like the yellow thing either.
The dark background colors are upsetting as they feel unnatural when compared to the figure in the foreground
It looks like the man in blue is screaming at the woman in white.
The painting depicts a war or some kind of conflicts. You can see regular citizens and even children holding weapon, it might be a revolution. The colours all have red undertones, which increases the agression in this piece.
The woman in yellow looks like she is angry with her husband and telling the other woman about it.
For some reason this tree reminds me of a tree people would be hung from
The man looks grumpy and unsociable. His hat is pulled down over his eyes, suggesting he doesn't want to be approached. The cigar makes me think he doesn't care about his health or the health of others. I dislike him.
A rather strange voyeuristic image, a young lady about to hit a clown (Pierrot?) with a shoe. Is his head poking through a wall? It's not clear - this may be some old pin-up calendar or something - either way in 2021 it provokes rather uneasy emotions.
It's a battle scene. You can see people attacking others. Spots of blood in the painting. You can see fear in the body language of some of those portrayed.
The way the men are all sitting listening solemnly makes it seem like the tension is high in the room like they are having an argument.
Looks like there is a white person telling a black person what to do in the background.
That looks like too much weight for that animal to have to pull
The colors are dark. The old monk in does not appear to be awestruck, grateful, or happy. Instead, he appears to be disgruntled.
The pink/purple color scheme on the left clashes unpleasantly with the green/yellow color scheme on the right.
the arrogant chin tilt speaks to the man's idea of superiority
This picture looks like an angry old lady. The kind you see in movies thats yelling at students at a private school.
i can feel a lot of anger from the author of this paint
It would be better without the brown guy.
It elicits anger, because the woman has a sneaky and vindictive expression on her face.
It is really blurry and wavy and I dont like the yellow.
The person that has these flowers is not taking very good care of them
People have to slave away on manual labor
This painting makes me feel angry because it is of abstract objects strewn together and makes very little to no sense to me at all.
Some one captured and is harming this woman
These overwieght clowns look like they've never worked a day in their iife.
the ground is littered with rocks, uninhabitable, it is an inhospitable climate
This piece is explosive like it was created to express rage.
everything is super jumbled and meshed together which makes me feel angry.
It is very fake looking and some houses are tilted.
While green, the sparsely decorated trees seem less reminiscent of summer foliage and more representative of a desire not to finish painting the leaves.
This patch of lush forest was next on the target list by logging companies.
The man has an angry frown on his face even though he's out in a beautiful nature area.
The woman's hat is creating a shadow over her face which makes her frown look even more menacing.
The woman looks as if she has had enough of whatever is going on and is about to storm out of the room.
the falling coloured eggs show that we are all subject to the vargaries of life
I see ships at war with another fleet.  The darkness of the painting foreshadows death
He looks like he is searching for someone to use that weapon on his leg on.
The picture is unnerving, as the woman is being served the head of a holy man, who was just executed. This brings out feelings of anger.
I find modern art like this a bit maddening since it seem to me to mostly be just a bunch of basic shapes and colors thrown together in a rather static way with little effort for things like composition or shading that to me are the marks of true art.
The expression the man's face as he wrestles with beast pointing his finger with disdain. Blues and reds contrast against one another
To me, the man in this picture is not trustworthy. His eyes look very shifty.
The man's eyes  are squinting and his lips are pursed  making  him appear angry.
This man in this portrait looks disgruntled and irritated. It seems like he wants to give someone a smack or a piece of his mind.
this person looks like he is spitting something out of his mouth. Maybe sitting on a throne spitting out orders
The modeling industry are telling women that they are not skinny enough unless they look like this shape so many women are starving themselves.
The farm is supposed to be owned by the Henderson family, but the migrant workers who was working the farm stoled the paperwork and claimed it as theirs.
This place looks like a very peaceful place where I can't live
This man looks angry and upset like he is being bothered or interrupted and it makes me angry and prepared to defend myself.
The character in this painting looks very unpleasant and unhappy. He looks like he were reading or studying an important subject in the book, when someone called him.
The image is dark and contains angry dark smoke, fire and fireworks.
the man has rage and irritability coming from him dressed in blazer
This man looks like he is going to seek wrath on someone.
This man looks like a really mean king who is about to scold someone.
She is angry and bitter with the path that life has taken her on and feels trapped. She try’s to hold the anger back but it always seems to surface.
The two men look as if they may be in a heated debate over something.  It make me agitated just seeing them so negatively emotional.
This looks like someone ruined a very good painting
The harsh depictions in this painting are upsetting and make me wonder why someone would paint such an awful picture
Seeing the woman from behind makes it look like she is being watched
The dark clothing and furrowed eyebrows of the woman make her look intimidating
The red rising out of the blackness is agressive
The image above shows a plain image and boring.
The confusion of colors and depths gives me an unsetting feeling.  I like art to be clear.
this person seems to be having a problem with whatever they are looking at
After seeing the first picture which includes a variety of skin tones, seeing one that is predominantly white irks me
The painting is shaded very dark and appears ominous with the almost withering of the flowers.
She looks wicked and unpleasant. I wouldn't trust her.
This town looks like it had been greatly affected by smog and pollution
The picture is faded.The moon is in the water.
His tilted head, no smile, and eye stare
The darkwash tonal quality of this piece brings forward a darkness which makes the lines on the face appear stronger and resolute giving an impression of anger.
The ground could use some improvement.Its also blurry.
life can be unfair. some people have to struggle to barely make a living.
the woman are objects to the man, performing sex acts for his amusement
yet another portly, smug gentleman, and like all paintings of fat aristocrats, its frustrating to see glorified
The man sitting in the corner seems to be in deep thought or upset about something since he is away from the rest of the family.
This painting was once a treasured image of a loved one but in their anger they ruined it forever.
This seems a little psychedelic or trippy like I've been dosed by someone.
The poser has a huge level of arrogance his legs casually crossed and a pompous smile on his face.
There is alot of clutter and the orange thing in the middle doesnt look like it belongs in the painting.
Even though they're just riding bicycles, the angles make me feel like they're about to attack something.
This painting makes me feel angry because it is just lines on a canvas nothing more and it feels like such a waste of material to look at.
This man looks like he is upset about an unfair situation.
The woman has her arms crossed, pursed lips, and mean eyes so she must be ready to fight.
She is crossing her arms and looking quite annoyed with something
I dont like the windows of the house on the left.They dont look right.
The image gives the opposite perception of a serene, quiet place, because the colors make the scenery blurry, and it's unclear about whether the weather is bad.
an older lady foundling a child and smiling about it.
The girl looks to be in trouble and at least partially neglected.
The seriousness in this man's eyes indicate that he is angered at someone.
Elderly man is scowling with his lips pressed into a thin line and brushy eyebrows downturned.
The bearded man's eyebrows are showing an angry look on his face.
The man has a angry set to his mouth and eyes as well as a clinched jaw.
The posture of the man makes him look like he's plotting revenge
The old lady's face shows rage, anger and chaos.
The man in the portrait is silent and desolate. Anger is evident by the negative arch in his eyebrows. His lips are pressed together, seemingly in a silent anger.
the red octagon reminds me a disfigured stop sign
This girl is staring like she just got into a fight with someone.
The man looks very angry as he's holding his pipe in his mouth.
she looks like man i wish this baby would stop it .
Seems like he is a little bit of a pick and wants to tell you off for no reason.
The bratty girl just told. her mother she hated her and that she wishes her mother were dead.
All the red makes me feel anger. Red makes me see red.
He’s can making a fist and seems to have an angry look on his face
The only part I dont like is the sky,its too faded and the clouds are done very well.
The color of anger is red, and this painting is seething with sharply delineated anger. The darker reds feel like old, long held anger, and the brighter oranges feel raw and new.
his knee is on her head and she looks like shes struggling.
Her eyes are glaring and the curves of her mouth are pinched.
Although angular and open to interpretation, the musician's brow appears to be furrowed as though he is not enjoying this activity.
The angel looks mad that the woman is walking away from her.
It looks like these two boys are arguing over who the better instrument player is.
There is aggression in the crowd towards the woman. The darkness covering them is looking to overwhelm her glow.
This man appears to feel very superior to everything and everyone around him.
This woman looks angry that her lover left after they were intimate.
The man's eyes as they are focused to the side, indicate that he is perhaps angry.
the angry face threatens the viewer with its aggressive stare
This guy looks very upset and angry for some reason and hes staring at me
this image makes me feel anger because the woman looks angry with her staff
The man is wielding a sword and his aggressive stance is carrying over to everything around him.
The crashing waves evoke a sense of turmoil. I was kind of caught between anger and fear on this one, as I feel more of a sense of unease/anxiety.
The man with his hand on the woman, in the foreground, seems to be very angry about something.  Perhaps, calling this woman to repentance.  The woman looks sad and possibly has her hands tied?  Everyone else seems to be fervently praying.
This woman is laboring at ironing and her shoulders slump with tiredness
The anger in is reflected in the skies by the furious green colours like fire in the distance,
Colage patches all over of multiple color.
The dark, manly faces look weird contrasted with the bright clothing
It's dull and hazy and causes anger, because it's hard to understand every aspect of the painting.
The extreme opulence of the religious figure is off putting.  The richness offsets what one associates with religion which is innocence and severity.
Everything looks as though it is dying from pollution.
The picture is too close up.The white clothing part is sloppy.
he is mad at me and so i am mad at him.
At the bottom there is something green that dont look right and also the white cloudy stuff at the bottom.
A lot of people have died because of religion.
With his hands clenched on a rock and a brooding face with furrowed eye brows he looks like he is cursing the heavens.
This picture causes me to have claustrophobic thoughts. Everyone is so close together and elbowing each other.
The cloudy sky casts a blanket of darkness over the scene in an angry stormy look.
The wing of the right wing of this shape don't good.
I dont like how close up it is if it wasnt so close it would look better.
The pirates were going to steal everything the village had worked so hard to create.
The man's eyes in the picture gives me a feeling of anger. the way of look is creating an anger.
This lady look so strict, so stern. Like an authority figure.
This man has an incredulous look on his face.
This man looks like he is about to spear someone.
This man looks as if to be a ruler, has a stern look to him.
The masked figure in this painting and his gesture suggests anger.
This man looks like he is being aggressive with this female.
It looks like the woman on the right is jealous of the woman on the left.
Everything seems to blend in and it is very blurry.
considering this child is wearing black and seems confused
you can tell from the jaw structure that the person in the painting was angry. As well as the posture and kind of thrown glances to the side
the woman does not look happy being groped by the drunk man
The pink shapes, perhaps they are eggs or stones, are all in one corner of the painting. The collection of them in one place makes me think of greed and hoarding.
The jumbled nature of the painting gives me a sense of irritation and anger. the color scheme of red and overall disjointedness makes me feel angry.
The person is smirking condescendingly and I am slightly angered by them
Its too close and I dont like the yellow.
the image is very dark. The colors and the whole composition shown anger and negative feelings.
men determining the fate of the world while their war ships await them in the harbour
These stairs look way too long and strenuous to walk up
It is blurry and some things are hard to make out.
These trees remind me of tree that people would be hung from
The young girl is being allowed to roam freely with no supervision.
This looks like some kind of police raid, but there is too much ambiguity.
this photo reminds me of a child being defiant to his mother, by not looking at her or acknoledging her.
The image above shows a plain bush that looks bad.
The mix of colors look very angry like fire
There are dark colors for the whole painting and sharp edges.
The single blue bar is just laying against the wall and black floor and it really makes my brain hurt.
A rapist lurks in the trees and snatches children walking on the path, hurting them and then strangling them.
This picture just has an angry vibe to it for me. It does not make me feel happy at all.
Sharp angles and the redness on the man's face create a heated tension.
This abstract image of several shapes is confusing to me because I cannot make out what the subject matter is.
This little girl looks like she just vandalized something and is smiling about it.
in the tall dark room the paintings up the walls loom irritatingly
The horses look like they don't like each other.
There are way too many people,it is too congested.
A group of people seems to be arguing and would lead into a fight is what is being seen in this painting.
The painting is very plain and boring which brings about frustration as this would not be considered art through the eyes of others.
The man appears to be surprised; the lighting of the room suggests that he was doing something private in a private space.
The woman looks like she is fuming with anger.
this woman is definitely upset at something or someone. She is sulking with her arms crossed and browns furrowed
The man is the perfect embodiment of smug wealth and it's infuriating
The red behind the woman looks like a fiery rage
She looks in the mirror and sees that her beauty is waning. She is no longer young and desireable. She feels jealous.
Some people are resting and goofing off while another person is milking.  Milking is hard work and I know I don't like working if others are allowed to goof off.
A painting with color red and oblivious background. It also has a trees that does not have any leaves at all.
this painting is opposite , he is male and looks angry.
this looks like a bandit running from the law
The color of the water and sky doesnt look as rich as the rest of the painting.
The image above shows a plain painting with no details.
The yellow seems as if it's blocking the potential beauty hidden behind it.
Lady in the painting has a look of disgust. Looking directly at the viewer suggesting resentment, the flower in her hand is loosely held as if she is rejecting it and the love that a rose symbolizes.
HIs facial expression look angry, and the colors of the painting are dark and severe
Way too much congestion.Too many things.
there is just enough of something depicted for cause the viewer to want more but not have anything
The sharp diagonal lines elicit spikiness and a feeling of suspicion
Theres something red that doesnt look like it belongs.Also the clouds look weird.
it looks like there is pure annoyance and displeasure coming from this mans body language dressed in black gown and eyes piercing forward
The sky doesnt look realistic and the trees are very blurry.
This picture is very fake looking.It is hard to make out many things in it.
The old handsome man is quite attractive even in his angry looking face. The moustache adds up to his anger.
this makes me feel anger because the man looks very angry
a hellish mass of blood and flames...armageddon
This woman looks like she is irritated and waiting for the day to be over.
The same thoughts just different armor and words.  I'm angry at the rage against women.
The keyboard instructor holding his head with one arm hence mishmash of unpleasant sounds, often at loud volume.
There is too much blurriness and things look distorted.Its hard to make out some things.
Its not very uplifting.Its pretty ordinary and neutral.
This photo seems like pure chaos is happening. People are throwing things and flailing around
The figure in the painting has a confrontational expression and posture, conveying anger.
The general of the opposing army was a ruthless and psychopathic killer.
The man’s armor is black and he is standing in front of a red backdrop, a contrast that suggests anger and violence.
It is too blurry.I dont like whatever that is by them on the ground.
The way that this woman's eye brows are arched makes her look angry.
it is like a set of emocions is planted right there and i can see his emotions.
this clearly depicts the ravages and savagery of war and indiscriminate murder
These buildings look like a castle which makes me think of rich people in control
All of the fiery colors coupled with a person with a deep angry expression is creepy, especially since the person appears to be looking intently at anyone who views the image.
This man looks bored and mildly annoyed, like he was asked to pose for a time longer than he had hoped
The vase of flowers feels tilted or off-center, making the whole scene feel unstable.
the subject is angry and he is not interested in the process, his brows are furrowed in anger
There is nothing going on in this photo and there is not even colors, only white and black
She looks like she is your girlfriend and she just kicked you out of the house.
The place shown on the above image seems disgusting and bad looking.
The man has the eyes of an angry old man.
This picture seems to contain only rocks and maybe sea, which are not enjoyable to look at.
The image above shows a painting that has brilliant orange color.
The painting is just black, and it is stupid this is considered art.
The man shown on the image above seems to be angry.
The dark background and the woman's scowl just give off negative vibes.
The image above shows a plain white painting with stripes passing across.
The image above shows a dry bush and a green forest that looks lonely.
The image above shows a big tree that is on the desert.
It looks like a confederate soldier and I don't like the history of them. Reminds me of racism
The image above shows of un finished homestead which  seems un attractive.
The face of the person in the painting depicts anger and also almost looks sad
she is beautiful but the narrowed eyes are judgmental and haughty
The image above shows a flower that is shedding of leaves.
the leaning and falling fence makes the tall red walls of the building appear even larger and impossible to breach
This building reminds me of being forced to go to church
The image above shows a city that looks bad and is black and white.
The man on the left looks like he throws tantrums when he does not get his way
The image above shows a house that looks bad and deserted.
The image above shows an angry girl that is crying.
The face of the woman seems to be a bit angry
I don't know this guy, why is he starring? Why is he judging?
By the look of the man he seems to be angry on something
The red represents fury and anger and there are dark shadows
The image above shows a man that is showing off his private parts that are not covered.
The man in the picture appears to frustrated and annoyed.
The man shown on the image above facial expression shows he is mad.
The man and his beard are scowling in anger.
Are these men protesting or yelling in anger? I feel angry with them.
Dogs chased a trio of terrified deer through the woods in this painting, which displayed the pursuit against a very scenic background.
The image above shows a man that is ugly with a long neck.
This kind of imagery is incredibly overwhelming to the eye and almost hurts to look at, because of the similar brash yellow and orange tones. None of the colors go together, or at least they are placed in very contrasting locations.
This painting makes me angry because I don't understand what it is a painting of. To me it doesn't look like anything.
The painting angers me because it is so dark, and it is hard to figure out what I am even looking at.
The image above has no definite shape and looks so plain.
this woman looks as if she is tweaking in dispise and lacks peace
the bot looks annoyed to be doing homework on a sunny day
the road and houses look silly and intrusive among the wild surrounding hills
The image above shows food that has been left open and not covered.
This painting made me feel anger because this young lady appears to be harassed by the man.
The man's arms are crossed and he is frowning.
There is a bald eagles nest in the hills and people are being reckless and shooting fireworks around it and it is an endangered species.
This painting made me feel anger because this artwork is just basic.
considering the fact that there are broken trees and tree trunks
This glass reminds me of church and being forced to go as a child
considering this person looks under mature and not aware of his duties
There is darkness, and it makes me feel dark.  That deep, cloudy, nothing is good type of anger.  The man in the portrait has a furrowed brow and it makes me feel that annoyed feeling that the subject has.
He looks really untrustworthy. He is a bizarre looking person.
The man is straight frowning and looks really angry.
This art feels angry and disturbing with its distortion.
The woman appears to be scowling in the painting.
The image above shows books that look disorganized.
Who's got them out there picking up the nuts off the ground? That's a lot of baskets. Lots of work. Probably little or no benefit to them.
The image above does not have much details.
I am angry that much of this forest seems to have been chopped down.
The characters in the paintings had a negative impression on me.
The image shows a road that in the middle of two trees that looks boring.
The farmer sprayed pesticide on the fruit and didn't wash them before he donated them to a school for small children to eat.
The above image shows of some teens who are playing naked.
This was difficult because I couldn't see the faces on most of the pictures, but looking at the small pics, she looks angry
The man in the painting seems to be chasing the lady out of the house.
The woman has a furrowed brow and looks extremely pissed off.
It is hard to tell if this is a pregnant woman or an woman who is just trying to conceal something... either way, she looks angry and full of rage
Someone is trapped. Maybe in a maze. Maybe in the dungeon where the trumpeters were in the original painting.
The image above shows a thick bush and a swamp at the center.
i got to say that this picture confuses me
The woman looks angry that her boobs are just hanging out.
The image above shows leaves that are making the streets dirty.
the colors are reddish and the lady looks like she is planning something against you
The sky promises wind, rain, and to wreak havoc.
This makes me angry, from her expression it was an off guard unknown person taking a picture
The young girl looks like she doesn't want to be with the man.  He's got her captive.
There is air pollution in the area shown by the image above.
The image above shows an old man that looks furious.
There is a group of people who seems to be angry hence throwing hurting staffs on someone.
By the of the picture the man seems to be angry about something
Ships heading to conquer other lands just for power and profit not caring for traditions and life of those being conquered. How much pain colonizing left behind
Bright flame like color behind the trees, bright colored clothes hanging gives arousing feel.
The image shows a painting that is blurry and looks bad.
the subjects angry arrogance is clearly shown in his arms crossed and legs apart stance
The angel in white is telling the invader to back off, but the invader is brandishing a torch and won't be swayed
This is a dark angry broken picture with no meaning.
The naked lady on the image above seems to be lonely.
Seeing this uneven, broken box with no bottom makes me feel frustrated because it's useless. You can't put anything in a destroyed box. It is a pointless object. It's also dirty.
The image above shows a tree log with no details.
The image shows a man that is shaggy and looks bad with his hair.
The boat crashed into the dock which is not good
It looks like someone is being attacked and thrown from a boat.
The facial expression of the old lady shown on the above image seems to be sad.
The mans stearn face made of the thick and quickly drawn lines makes this picture feel angry.
The image above shows a man that is angry and looks bad.
The image above shows a creature that is scary with colors.
It looks something like trying to put a square peg into a round hole.
She looks like she has a great deal of contempt for the painter.
The image above shows a man that looks angry and is holding a walking stick.
The punishment given to the person is look like wrong ruling
It makes me feel a sense of anger that the two people here are fighting. There are bodies collapsed on the floor, and they keep wanting to slaughter each other. Their reason to fight feels like it's something not worth fighting to the death for. One of these people will end up dead.
The angry eyes and red pursed lips along with the dark colors and dim background
The image above shows a tomato plant that tomatoes have fallen off.
The image above shows a small faint house that looks bad.
The image above shows a woman that has her head covered.
the red over powering the green makes it look angry
The image above shows a flower vase that looks unpleasant.
This makes me think of the time when Disney made some questionable decisions with their animaion
He looks soulless. He would draw that weapon and stab you, and his face would not change.
I don’t like that this hasn’t been fully colored in.
The biblical depiction of Adam and Even dooming us all by eating the forbidden fruit.
The image above shows a man that looks angry and furious.
The man's furrowed brow and jutting lower lip indicate he is quite irritated.
Because he died for our sins
The image above shows a woman grazing in a dry bush alone.
The image above shows flowers that are beautiful but badly reserved with no vase.
The image above shows plants with bad colors and bad shapes.
The old woman seems to be begging for something like help.
It looks like the three people in the forefront of the painting are having an argument with each other about something, or like a confrontation. The third person in the far right has a face of disgust.
it looks as if people are awfully divided between different classes
The image above shows an ugly man that looks bad.
It looks like someone is creeping on this woman and they got caught
The woman looks like she has just been startled and is irritated to have been interrupted in her work. The realistic expression on her face makes me empathize with her annoyance.
She just looks angry. I wonder if she's been left alone and maybe deserted by her family. Could be she has dementia and has turned mean in her old age.
The items and shapes all on top of each other looks very messy and frustrating to look at, it is like trying to understand something but not being able to.
the jumbleness of the photo makes me think whoever painted it was angry
Because the horse looks determined to show all the anger
This makes me think that a guy is peeping on a womans locker room
This image is vary chaotic and makes the picture messy and has no stature
There is a sense of being defeated and of lost hope in this person's eyes but she is more angry than sad. She blames someone for her fate.
The image above shows a man that is naked and looks hairy.
The old mans facial expression seems to be annoyed .
The painting is just a jumbled mess of objects, and it angers me that this is considered art.
In this picture the woman looks like she just had a few glasses sitting there thinking of her boyfriend who did not show up for dinner and she is angry because he is not answering his phone!
Because he just stabbed a bull used in the sport of bullfighting. It's not a sport. It's sick.
The man in the picture stems to be wondering about something hard
The image above shows a painting with bright color and cannot be interpreted
the straight hand point right telling the prisoners where their fate will end up
The ladies facial expression gives me the feeling that shes not a nice person.
They appear to be about to fight each other.
the image above shows a black and white image that looks faint.
The figure in this painting looks very stern, serious and not the most pleasant person to surrounded with.
The image above shows a man that looks angry at something.
The image above shows a house near the river bank and may cause dangerous diseases to the residents.
THIS LADY SEEM LIKE SHE'S ABOUT TO GET RAPED.
A bearded man dressed all in red is looking down at a building his is holding in his hand. His facial expression is angry, brows curved downward.
This one makes me feel anger because he is carrying something naked, which shows vulnerability and isolation.
The statue has folded arms and an angry look on its face.
The woman is very displeased with his drunken rantings.
the man looks unamused and bored
The woman in the photo appears very angry.
What's with the naked party?  The boats almost look like war boats.  Is this right time to have a party?
The women are all posing as if they are better than everyone else.
this looks as if a cavern of veggetation is being grown
I don't trust him; he seems like an angry, dangerous person.
the man sitting on the horse try to kill a men
The forehead and nose of the jumbled face are red, and the eyes are dark and narrowed.
the characters look like they are returning an item they were not happy with purchasing
The man looks like he is ready to pillage a nation.
It couldn't make me more angry that black bars are considered art.
The man has a slight frown on his face and doesn't seem too happy overall.
This person in this picture is very angry
The random pattern of the geometric shapes and chaos
this image bring confusion and anger, i just can't get it.
The company 20th Century Fox has made some awful movies.
The image above shows a man that is frowning with a blue hurt.
The image above shows a big city that looks boring and bad,
In this picture, he looks to be ashamed and angered by his predicament. He is upset about being half human and half horse clearly.
The terrain in this photo looks so unbalanced and not easy to drive in.
The image above shows plain dry lands with no trees.
This looks like a game the old timers are playing.  The man in the red hat and the brown shirt looks like he is checking to see if the other guy is cheating.  It looks like this game is pretty intense.
This image depicts the nineteenth hundreds and seeing a black person in it suggest he is either a slave or a helper regardless of how he is decorated.
based on the idea that this type of forest looks out of rhythm with nature
It looks like the two ladies are spying and gossiping on the girl.
considering these scribbles make aboslutely no sense or shapes
This painting seems angry because it uses no particular symmetry and the lines are scribbled furiously and the markings are dark like the author was pressing hard.
There is a lack of reason here and a lot of randomness
the subjects angry countenance and be seen staring intently from the canvas at the viewer with an imposing manner
The image above shows a bad woman that looks bad with small eyes.
The man face shows that he is angry about an issue
The guilty snake in black slithering away from the two shadowed figures with the two white angels flying away to tell
While all the other women are allowed to be free and open she must be done up and stuffy.
The image above shows a flooded place with water.
The flowers that have fallen on the table need to be cleared off
confused, puzzled now with a headache the colors are bright together.
The image above shows a blurry painting with beautiful trees.
This photo is not clear. And I feel little scared about this.
The large mushroom seems to promote drug use to kids.
Based on the image above shows a a bush that is blurry and green.
I am angry more effort has not been put into creating this image.
how is pink lines on a white background consider art now
The layers of colors starting from the bottom--smudged black, sickly grays, greenish blue, then reds and yellows--makes me think of scorched earth covered with smoke and ashy wind, the dirty air filtering the sunlight and turning it the color of a fresh welt. Alternately, the fire still burns, but further away, and the viewer stands where the fire has already passed.
The image above shows a man that is angry with a woman.
When I look at this man’s face it’s like he’s looking at something angry.
It looks like three men beating up on the man in the middle, using brooms and whips.  Blood is dripping from the man's back from whip marks.  A very angry and fearful situation.
The image above shows a painting that does not have much details.
the sketch pattern does show the prominence of the lines. they're just random trees.
He looks like he is making her stay there and menacing her with that ruler.
The man shown on the image above seems to be mad over something since his facial expression shows it.
considering this square looks a bit over crowded and out of order
A bullfighter is simply disgusting. I would like him to say what he would feel if being treated and tortured as he does with this amazing creature of nature as are bulls
The contorted shape washed with red makes me think of being controlled against my will. The yellow and black representing outside forces demanding I obey.
This guy looks like he might have owned some slaves back in his time
The painting denotes two demons that are in hell.
A loving mother holding her child as a sign of protection before the treat of Herodes who wanted all male kids eliminated of the face of the earth
The image above shows an angry man that seems to be thinking.
The young boy looks furious he has to play instruments.
The guy likes to peep thru windows and watch teenage girls get undressed.
the expression on the man face, shows that he is very much annoyed at taking this picture.
The man on the image above seems disappointed by something.
What is he looking at? Why is his mouth open? Does he feel that he has better things to do?
The  picture shows a man who seems to be angry about something
This painting makes me feel anger because I can't even decipher what it is of.
The image above shows a flower that is rotten and the flowers are falling off.
The image above shows ugly men sleeping hopelessly.
I believe the one man is hitting the other with an oar.
It appears the man on the left just heard something offensive or angering.
The fact that this person is drawn bigger make them think they are more important
the image above shows a man whose seems to be angry at the other man
One of the individuals is angry at the other, which makes me remember of an instance of a friend making me angry.
the image anger me, looks like the lady in the red is coming to cause harm.
The image above shows a desert that is dry and looks lonely.
The image above shows a painting that cannot be understood and bad.
The image above shows a painting that looks dull with many people outside.
The image above shows a forest that is yellow and looks really bad.
the woman in the background looks really upset while the man is drinking
A depiction of violence and uncaring, shown by the beating of the horse and sheep, and the child about to be crushed by the cart.
based on the fact that certain people seem to be enjoying themselves while others are not
The two men look like they are ready to commit a violent act against the woman, which is repulsive.
The man on this painting looks sad as his facial expression portrays.
There is no high population as shown on the above image hence been a boring area.
Why does it seem that children is touching the women inappropriately
The man in the image seems to be angry and aggressive towards the other man.
The image above shows a man that is furious and angry.
The image above shows a painting that cannot be defined.
the deconstructed image and the palette of black and red are designed to evoke a negative emotion
The woman looks angry and has a bored and hopeless disposition
The man looks really upset that he does not have a shirt.
There look of superiority within the the eyes, which look downward, along with the slight smile. The yellowish tint grant exude the a poisonous atmoshphere.
It appears that the women's friend is trying to push something on her that she doesn't really want
The painting uses dark colours, and the colour red makes me feel angry.
The haphazard way in which these cubes/diamonds/other objects fit together with each other is frustrating. I don't see much symmetry.
the strokes are just random and does not make any sense and the green color is bad.
The image above shows a person that looks like a monster.
The image above shows a painting that looks shady and not clear.
The scribbles all over the canvas makes it seem like it was painted with such anger and hatred in mind.
This disc seems to have gotten destroyed and later joined but in unprofessional manner.
The silhouettes are pointing fingers at one another as if accusing the other of something while arguing.
because these people are clearly working and it is hard labor
The white mountain seems to have a sort of nice background but it was ruined with the mistake of nature or the artist
considering this is a representation of life and sin which is horrible
The woman appears annoyed with the upset child.
because this person seems to be holding an egg and the falcon behind him is upset
She has a look of contempt in her eyes.
This looks a little too jumbled and hard to concentrate on one thing to figure out what’s it’s supposed to be.
The image above shows an indefinite shape that cannot be defined.
The image above shows a woman that looks angry.
the boy looks like he is being disciplined and is not happy about it
The image above shows a painting that is shallow and no details.
the man looked like he just broke in someone's house, looking around theirs belongings.
The man looks to be creeping on this woman and she hates it
The contrast of the dark muted colors of the clothing of the woman working contrasted against the bright colors of those in pleasure. The contempt on the woman's face.
The deep red coloring that darkens the man's face makes it seem as if anger radiates from the image.
The image above shows of a person who seems to be angry.
This painting is meaningless. I do not like this.
Everything is backward, mixed up, and confusing. Dark colors
The image above shows a bush that is dry and looks brown pink.
The shape is very uneven and there is no color to make anything stand out.
The image above shows an indefinite shape that is gray in color.
There is no one around to hear the beautiful music she is playing.
the two figures have angry grimaces and look confrontational with one another
The sharp contrasts between the section make the town-scape appear fractured. The "slums" are the incomplete buildings on the outskirts. The light golden buildings are the "good" parts of town. The center manufacturing district controls and dominates the land, with the harsh angles and stark gray shades.
The image above shows many men and women in a forest.
This person looks like they ate all of whatever was in that jar
It looks like the trees are dying and that makes me angry.
The woman looks like she wants to face off someone
The image above shows some fruits on the ground and may become contaminated.
The image above shows a man that is frowning and looks angry.
The unpredictable pattern created by the multiple colors makes this picture feel as though someone was channeling their anger and it came out chaotic.
The color red conveys anger. The harsh right angles give the impression on harshness.
The way the man is squinting his eyes and puffing out his cheeks makes him appear angry or frustrated.  The animal fur hat illustrates he knows how to use weapons like a knife.
The image above shows a man ugly man that looks bad.
The image above shows a bush that is plain that and green.
The muted red hue of the sky emits a building anger as it moving from left to right.
The woman has a bit of a scowl on her face.
the hot colors and the chaotic nature of this painting give an angry feeling
The image is too dark and not clearly visible.
The man looks as if he is forcing a smile, not giving a genuine smile
The image above shows a man that is pulling a metal
Original image shows happiness or content but this one shows anger or frustration
the wavy lines and chaos of the image are unsettling
The strange withered figure with the over intense stare and the angry cat in the background makes me angry and afraid. It's like a creature is bullying this poor woman.
He looks like he is getting ready to conquer someone.
This painting made me feel anger because it appears to be a dreary day and they are going close to the water, which is unsalfe.
The man shown on the image above seems annoyed and angry.
considering this place looks as if it gets flooded often
well, now. He doesn't look too happy, Does he?
The image above shows a picture of a young man that looks angry.
the woman looks very angry at what is being held in front of her, the colors are dark as well
Black is the one color that is always associated with anger.
Are these captures inspecting the men and getting ready to sell them?
Workers laboring out int he field in harsh climate
The face in the painting looks angry, the dark colors feel mean and angry.
The man looks angry he has to play a flute.
THE EXECUTION OF THIS WOMAN IS UNLAWFUL, IT ANGRYS ME.
The image above shows a field with dry grass.
Appears that a women might be on trail. Seems to be just men that are "judging" her.
The sky is dark and gloomy and scary looking. It looks forceful and harsh.  The darkness overtakes the light.
This looks like someone is doodling on a page. There is no rhyme or reason to the lines, which is frustrating.
The image above fruits while some are scattered on the table and looks bad.
The person in this picture looks very angry and furious from the face.
the subject is angry and disinterested in the painting, he appears to be mid sentence and ready to berate the viewer
The image above shows trees with no leaves and the painting is blurry.
The image above shows men that have a tied a cow.
I do not like the alcohol depicted in the photo, alcohol is the root of evil
The flower color is almost red, the red is naturally will create a feeling of anger.
The man is frowning and just appears to be in an overall grumpy mood.
the looks of being impatient, rushed.
The image above shows a plain blue image with no details.
the subject is looking on in anger, with the dark background helping reinforce this
The image above shows an image that is plain gray.
The image above shows a painting that looks bad and no art behind it.
a strong feeling of annoyance, displeasure, or hostility.One way of attempting to deal with these feelings is by subconsciously shifting into anger.
Blueprints of a targeted bridge were recently discovered at a terrorist cell.
Bright solid red color reminds authority, power, danger and anger.
The image above shows a plain black paint.
Looks sort of ninjaish. I see eyes with a mask and a straight mouth.
The way he is on a horse and people are following him on foot make him look entitled.
The raging hunter chasing deer herd and aiming with the arrow to kill them is creating anger feel over he hunter.
The lack of birds replaced with a single line makes me angry at their absence
I cannot determine what this image represents which is frustrating. The thing in the image appears to be angry or perhaps sad (the feelings I get).
considering this shows a end of the world scenario where the sun is exploding
That girl seems to be enslaving him. I do not like enslaving.
This person has been pulled out of the crowd and treated roughly. Perhaps, he is serving as an example to keep the others in check.
The matador's companion in this painting is attempting to be really cruel to the bull, endeavoring to incite the poor animal into a rage by cruelly hurting him. Blood is visible on the back of the tortured creature.
The girl in the photo looks very angry at the cat for I'm sure the cat knocked over something that she is holding in her hand.
The image above shows an animal that is dead .
Creepy dude is blocking a very nice landscape. What sort of nonsense is he up to?
Though both paintings are in the night, this one shows fire and a crowd of people that looks like they're protesting, or at war. So of course, it displays anger.
considering this looks like a city that is on fire while people are struggling
the red hues resemble someone being angry
The contortions of the mans face and arms look to be of defense
the black color of the image symbolizes a bad omen
This painting reminds me of the weather change due to the greenhouse effect and how we are destroying our beautiful generous planet
The image above is blurry and does not have much details.
The woman's head is cut out the picture no face her body is covered with prints.
the world is on fire and the men are cutting down a tree without regard for the environment
The image above shows a picture of trees in a green field and a rocky land.
The place looks inconvicence  for transportation
Anger comes when I see people without clothes.
this child seems to be dressed to fancy for her age. It makes her look much older
Everything in this house to be a total mess. Some flowers are off the vase like the cat messed them up.
She makes me angry because she is using a hand-mirror to look at herself, while having a mirror in front of her.
The posers stance looks as if he is an engry man and ready to charge at someone at any time.
more colors and collapsed images are looks like irritating and disgusting
The man is standing at his podium with a scowl on his face.
everyone looks brain dead, distracted, drugged. the baby appears to be reading a book.
What has happened to this man? He looks like he is injuried, perhaps broken and beaten. Yet, others in the background just mock and taunt him.
This eems like the person has given up and resorted to nothing but anger.
based on the fact that this type of tower was often used in war
The image above shows a woman that is frowning and angry.
he seems angry and disappointed about something.
I have some OCD issues and this painting is really messing with me. There is really no rhyme or reason to it and it is kind of all over the place.
The woman's angry posture with her arms folded, and the orange behind her like the fire burning on the inside
Red color trees look like flame and the scattered reflection on water gives anger feel.
It angers everyone that a red splotch is considered art in this day and age.
The image above shows a man with long beards which are unkempt.
how is this consider art in today's world
the colors are fire, with the white being the most intense heat followed by the orange of the flame and the black of the smoke
Vehicle running over the other and tangled wheels in the cartoon give the angry feel.
The poor people's poverty is creating the anger naturally and the way the treat the jesus is also not fair.
considering these people look as if they are getting mistreated
One woman stands casually with her back to the viewer and the other women behind her hides her face in a book, as if they are avoiding looking at one another.
this person in the portrait looks really angry and upset
The man showed on the image above seems amazed over something.
the men look so angry and shouted aloud
The man on the above image facial expression seems to be very angry.
the cows don't seem to be getting treated very well which angers me
The man is staring daggers at someone and is ready to kill.
the girl's furrowed brow and straight mouth suggest a state of anger
Abuse.  Using others is wrong. Freedom is essential and vital
considering this area looks overly colored and under exposed
The image above shows a blurry view of the place with trees that are shedding leaves.
The woman is crossing her arms and her lips are pulled up into a sneer.
The image above shows a man that is angry and furious with his eyes wide open.
The man's facial expression looks stern, somewhat mad. It reflects the emotion when I view the painting too.
The object on top seems to fall as it is clearly shown on the image above.
the picture is too crowded, the long columns look like a big building but all the figures are crushed together
The is posed in a slouched position and seems to look angry or upset. But he face is also powerful and seems as if she holds a high position in whatever jurisdiction she is in.
This is the only negative and it's not related. But, she looks like she's plotting and schemening.
the woman looks annoyed and displeased with whatever she is looking at
if looks could kill I'd be dead, the subject is incredibly angry and that stare is intense.
this looks like a scene where multiple rapes are happening
Reddish brown color used for each one's face and the frowning expressions make me feel angry.
The image above shows of some people who seems to be angry.
A woman lies asleep, unconscious of the fact that a man is kissing her feet, violating her personal space and autonomy. She is unable to give consent in her state, and he takes advantage of her.
The image above is in black and white and is boring.
The image above shows a woman and a man that are lying on each other.
This guy looks like he would have owned slaves when that was a thing
the bright red dress looks like the girl has dressed up either as a prostitute or a plague victim
The image above shows of  a man who seems to be angry over something.
the man seems to be angry on a certain issue
The image above shows a man that look ugly and the painting is blurry.
based on the idea that the sky looks dark and the ocean is wavy
The fighting and brutal nature of the picture makes me confused and angry.
There are some men who seems like they are been tortured as shown on the above image.
This forest seems to have been logged by loggers.  Animals habitats and homes are now gone and ruined.  The destruction done to the environment makes me sad.
The image above shows a man that is shaggy with long hair and shaggy beards as well.
The man is painted in a similar style as the initial painting, but the man is angry, which instills a sense of anger in me.
The woman's lips appear to be pressed firmly together as if she is upset and the corners of her mouth are straight across. In addition, her cheeks appear to red in color as if she was angry before taking the picture.
The image above shows of a cute lady  who seems to be bored and lonely.
the drab colors frustrate me with disappointment of something that could be so much better, and the closed eyes anger me because eyes can be used to evoke more personality and life.
it looks the there is a storm on the beach and the waves are being rough and aggressive
The image above shows an image that cannot be interpreted and looks boring.
Was the Lady in this painting aware she was being observed..? or this is just another peeping Tom..?
The image above shows a tree that has no leaves.
The image above shows a man that looks angry with wide eyes.
This painting does not include any paintings so it made me feel anger.
the facial expression of the man seems to be annoyed by something or somebody hence anger
The image above shows people that look scary.
The woman looks like she is growling and barking.
This dog looks so angry. It looks like it is just waiting to bite you.
The image above shows a plain bush that looks dry.
The looks like it is stealing the food of the owners.
This woman is naked and serving food and drink
A gremlin lives here and does not let anyone pass unless they bring him riches of gold and diamonds.
The above image shows of an angry man  who seems to be so angry.
The image is very simple, and nothing else about it is interesting. Plus, the apple is cut in random places which is infuriating to me.
An angry storm just went through the valley and the sun is beginning to peak out on the horizon.  It is still dark yet, you can see light on in the cabin.
the mean faced children took an angel captive
The red of the back ground contrast well with the white figure
The image above shows  a scary man that is smoking.
The image above shows two colors of paintings that are just plain.
The image above shows an image that cannot be interpreted.
The man is frowning and crumpled up at the neck.
this painting is filled with everything and looks congested, colors are dark.
The red lipstick seems to have been applied not so well and went off the wall.
It has to anger everyone that this painting is considered art to art snobs.
It seems to me like a meaningless photo.
The women hear are being made fun of by some white girls who think that the women are weird and the white girls are very rude and vulgar to them - so unnecessary.
The shadows are very dark no positive emotion
In the image above  there is the act of fighting.
In the case of the artwork here, movement, energy, and cross-contour lines help create anger. We see the (presumed) husband exhibiting a very clear line of action - we move from his left arm gripping the woman, all the way to his right leg stomping on the man. That clear line of action creates energy, energy that goes into the actions he himself is comitting. The stomp, and the tight grip on the woman's hair, shows us that this man here is very angry. His contorted facial expression helps with this idea.
It angers most people to see black and white squares on a white background be considered art.
well, the over-usage of the red color here, makes the image has a negative impression, it's indicates more like blood than just color!
this is an angry photo, at least to me it appears the women are being held against their will and tortured
The painting is chaotic and you can’t really tell what the artist was trying to convey.
The man has died and lays nearly naked while others look on.
considering this photo looks as if everything exists in randomness
Someone obviously ate the other peach
These fruits could have been donated to the homeless shelter, but instead the grocery store let them expire and threw them away.
The red color makes me mad, and it square looks like someone tore a hole in the picture and tried to patch it.  The colors just irk me!
The image above is plain and does not have details.
The image above shows a forest that looks deserted.
The image above shows a pond in a forest that is dangerous.
The image above shows a green bush that is plain with no details.
The image above shows a man that has long beards that look bad.
The image above shows a dull scenery that looks lonely.
As I see this picture I can feel as those persons are abusing the kids in some way, maybe making the kids to labor for them. I found it pretty disturbing.
The painting was dark and scary and made me feel angry.
this type of painting often shows lazy people working on farms
The image above shows an ugly girl that looks bad with big eyes.
The image above has bad weather and looks dull.
A woman is dressed completely in black, her gown dark and dreary. Her lips are pursed in anger and her eyebrows are angled downward.
The woman's raised shoe and the way she leans towards the clown face conveys her anger at the clown.
the lady is wearing dark clothes and has an unhappy look on her face
By the look of the picture as he is angry about something
The direct gaze and expression of the person and also the colors and contrast remind me of anger with some evil intent. The lines are angular and the face is shadowed with the more complex gray that makes it even more disturbing somehow.
The dark and downward slanting colors look remind me of a glaring face. There is dark gray and black in the location of eyes, like black holes of fury.
The image above shows a man with a long mustache and big ears.
They're hiding something, which usually means they're doing something they shouldn't be doing.
Blakc and white makes me think of good and evil.  The black portion keeps catching my eye, making me angry that evil is outweighing good
Both people are scowling as if they want to beat each other up.
the men seem to be arguing about something important
I feel anger on behalf of this poor woman- why is she being berated? She looks to be of a lower class than the men lecturing her, I highly doubt that this is a fair situation.
The image above shows a big bush that is in water and a boat might hit it.
The man has quite a big frown on his face and looks pissed.
The man's hair is a mess, and his scrunched eyebrows make him look grumpy.
The image above is blurry and looks brownish with no much details.
The image above shows a man that looks ugly and bad.
this image anger me, the lady is begging for them to not take her husband.
the boys expression looks very unamused and his posture reflects that by his positioning
The dark background colors and the woman's sad face make me agitated
The lady is arguing a point to an extent of show it with movements of her hands.
The image above shows a painting that looks ancient.
They look like they're about to attack the village OR they're about to go out on a hunting trip.
The police have confiscated everyone's boats because they believe they are hiding drugs there.
It's obviously a war. It's black and white and void of color.
all of the paint is falling off the picture
The painting angers me because I wish that it was painted in a more clear style. It could be a really pretty painting, but it is just so blurry.
The man with the pot about to strike it against the head of the other by the hair is a violent bully.  Such people and their actions make me angry.
The attack on this man makes me angry and want to help save him.
the men in the picture are angry and having a brawl
the smirked lips and pressed eyes and black clothing
the subject peers angrily from the canvas at the viewer judging them
The sky in this painting is roiling with angry looking clouds as if a storm is approaching.
The mans  face shows that he is not happy about something
The image above shows a rocky place land that is dry.
The image above is in black and white and looks too old.
This painting displays the lack of comfort in the rural areas, while in the big cities we enjoy comfort and technology, in the country side those who cultivate our food enjoy nothing
dark choppy lines form similar floral arrangement as the first piece, dark shadows and colors seeping in creating rough and raw feelings
There is a young lady who is been beaten by soldiers.
The image above shows a painting that looks plain.
based on the idea that this image seems to be overly sexualizing women
there's just no life in this painting; the men look blank and disinterested but also wealthy and it just reminds me how often wealthy people got to be featured in art despite not caring for the art
Physical violence depicted in the image along with smoky scenery
the men are grabbing and manhandling the woman who looks vulnerable and scared
An spy eye on a lady in a bikini makes me mad, we must respect women's privacy and stop stalking them with our eyes
It appears the bird is upset at the cat for claiming his woman.  The woman is open to either the cat or bird, it appears.
Photo of a woman without clothes. It makes me angry.
This guy looks like he has lived an easy life that I would want to live
Everything in this room looks gaudy and quite unnecessary
Chaotic, confused, and fighting people. Disharmony, reminds me of Inquisition
The image above shows a blurry image with many people.
Drunken man that appears to be being belligerent
This man appears to be yelling as though he is angry about something.
Because that single lady alone doing hard work no one there to help her. She seems like helpless woman
The image above shows a shape that looks bad and cannot be interpreted.
The person's furrowed brow and piercing eyes make him look angry and annoyed.
The expression on his face makes him look angry.
The above photo shows of a young man who seems to be angry over something.
The image above shows a tree that has fallen off.
The image above shows some men having a fight
The line is harsh with right angles. The energies conveyed are hard and spikey.
The image above shows a plain bush that looks green.
the crowed that together are sad, a final fear well
This place very beautiful but lot of peoples  there
The image above shows a furious man that looks angry.
Since the footprints come from the right side of the painting, the subject is not the residence of the house he is hammering on.
The man looks rich but unhappy and depressed but he does not have reason to have these feelings.
The image above shows a plain image with blue color and yellow color that aren't blending well.
The image above shows a dhow that is emitting black smoke.
The image above shows a swamp that flooded and looks dirty.
Why is this women chained up and no one assisting her?
This image show u what is happening in our world today, global warning.
The image above shows a big house that looks old.
considering this large ship looks useless and worn out
This photo reminds me of a slave ship.
The image above above shows a man that is furious and angry.
The image above shows a painting in a bush that looks plain.
The image above shows an ancient painting that is in black and white.
considering everything in the image looks dark and lacks positive attributes
The image above shows a painting that looks too traditional and old.
The horse has no one near it so it could be harmed.
It appears that this marina is full and there is no where to dock.  The people look around to see what they can do or where they can go.
Everything in this painting looks blurry and it's hard to make out what things look like.
The image above shows  man that looks angry and furious.
The man is giving a death stare and looks ready to be someone up.
The image above shows a man with shaggy hair.
The image above shows a painting that is black and white.
This drawing or engraving depicts a man, possibly Christ, being flogged while tied to a pillar. The prisoner is being treated very cruelly.
Naked people are in the photo and I dont like that at all.
Feelings of anger are usually accompanied by both physical and mental symptoms
She looks like she is stuck to the tree or the tree is holding her prisoner.
He looks like there is a lot of dishonesty in his eyes. He looks deceitful.
The face figure on the left is filled with large grey oval for eyes, which make it look like it is looking angrily at the shocked figure on the right. There are red shapes between them.
Her facial expression looks like she is conspiring to get back at someone else
The old man looks angrily off camera as if pondering his next move in life.
The woman is squinting as if she is mad about something.
The image above shows a man with shaggy hair and looks bad.
the woman is angry and annoyed at the drunk man in her pub
The guy is holding a gun thus shows anger which drives him to use the gun
Disinterest.  Why do things if not happy.  What bring it to that point.
The image above is blurry and is in black and white.
The image above people that bare doing bad manners.
His furrowed brow, jutting chin, open mouth make him look like he is jut about to yell at some one.
in this picture a tree has been cut down and nature is being destroyed which is upsetting
with a sense of danger projected with this image, it looks brilliant.
The image above shows ugly birds on air on a bad weather.
the gray almost edged shapes makes it look like scratching or claw marks making me angry at what is behind
The crop fields make me think of slave trade and child abuse/labor.
The confusing nature of the angle, dividing the attention between the colored square and the corridor behind it
there are children in the cage and that makes me mad
the mans facial expression looks annoyed and the tone looks dark and serious
The man in the painting has a pretentious expression on his face and is surrounded by dark murky colors
The lady in the painting looks angry for she has her hands up talking to the other person who owes her.
Because due to pollution of near factories these trees also get polluted. The trees cannot produce pure oxygen to breathe for human. The trees also get polluted and got destroyed
She appears angry and judgmental. The way she is holding the fan looks like it would be a weapon.
The person's face is disfigured since one eye is looking straight ahead while another eye is looking to the left.
The image above shows of a man whose facial expression is not seen as happy infact it seems he is mad over something
The child dressed like a knight is trying to spear the dragon, even though it is held on a leash by the woman on the left. This seems like a very cruel behavior.
The lady used in this photo isn't looking happy at all and has scolded face.
since this image has negative associated geometric patterns
This photo makes me feel anger because it reminds me of a Civil Rights Movement of sorts; where citizens must fight for their basic rights from greedy people who have more than they know what to do with.
The man appears to be stabbing the figure who is on its knees . I am angry that he appears he is being  directed o do this.
The woman in the picture looks to me like she is angry about wanting something more than what she is holding.
The man has a very solemn look on his face and is somewhat angry.
The image above is in black and white and looks bad.
The image above shows a forest that is small in the fileds.
The bright red overpowering the picture is not calming at all
A painter cover in red paint, a angel of dead or a simple human been doing a terrible job make any person feel sick.
I feel anger because the subject looks very unhappy. His brow is furrowed and his expression looks annoyed.
The man has his arms crossed and just doesn't look happy in the face.
Some of the food has been peeled and is left there to rot. I'm not sure if the lobsters on the bowl are real or decoration.
The image above shows a plain rock in a dry land.
The man has his eyebrows turned downward in anger.
The bull looks angry in the way it is drawn
One of the flower has fallen to the ground and the some other flowers look quite weak and withering.
since this land is curved in a way that looks as if it gets flooded often
The use of black paper and purposeful cut to reveal the black paper brings about anger, as if the dark side of life is always present.
Based on the picture the woman seems as if she is sobbing for something
The image above shows a specific pattern with no details.
The middle of the bed being curved in is absolutely infuriating when thinking about laying down or sitting
considering this painting showcases lots of confusing and fear
The man looks like he is very angry and annoyed like he does not want to talk to anyone.
the lady is covered and looks to be scowling at someone passing by
Four men are holding down a woman who looks vulnerable and scared.  The artist has gone to some detail to highlight sexual orifices because it is painted with one of the brightest colors.  This makes me very angry and disgusted.
The depiction of rape proves it has happened for centuries.  It is disgusting, angering, and saddening to see this act.
Tone refers to the lightness or darkness of colors used, which can help to create a sense of depth or distance in art
The birds are trapped in boxes as others roam free.
there is not enough here. I understand minimalism however im not a fan
The potentate in the center of the platform sits beside a woman leering at naked and half-dressed children in a really disturbing way in this painting, suggesting very depraved societal overtones.
the subject is taking a pugilistic stance, daring the viewer to come towards him
The image above is showing a blurry painting that looks bad.
the young man is beseeching the elder gentleman for help and the look of hatred and disgust on the his face as he is interruped in his meal
The man is frowning like he wants to kill someone.
the looks of disappointment and pain, angry at the world.
The fruits to be going bad easily to take
I can't figure out the actual shape of this thing, and it's frustrating me
i have a hard time considering a blank picture as art  even though i understand what conceptual art is
This looks like pieces of hair were placed on a canvas. This is not a pleasing site.
The image above shows a woman that has a bad facial expression.
The image shows a painting that cannot be interpreted with a red color.
The colors in the painting are lively and provoke feelings of anger.
opression, split view (bifurcation between have and have nots), black and white tones
the images color and the way the characters are drawn makes it seem like anger is being expressed
There is a man on the image above  who is been beaten hard by two people.
This guy looks very smug like he would make inappropriate jokes
The woman blocking the man from entering and the other woman hiding makes it seem like they are hiding something devious and they are unfaithful.
The dark color and cracked texture reflect anger, sadness and gloom
The image above shows a dry bush that looks bad.
The image above shows a deserted place that looks and the painting is blurry.
The image above shows a painting with people that cannot even be interpreted.
The image above shows a blue painting that is blurry and not clear.
The image above shows a painting that doesn't have many details.
The woman has her arms folded and a giant scowl on her face.
The man on the image above  facial expression expresses anger in him
the man looks like he is scowling and the background is dark
It would soon be discovered that a mild mannered statesman, was actually a traitor to his country.
In this picture, it looks like the river is angry and flowing with a fast current. The environment looks dreary and dark.
the image shows all to close the reality of neglect that has transpired in Rome.
I chose this, it is the closest painting and the boy doesn't catch anythin and the girl in this painting looks like very sad.
Some of the flowers from this vase have fallen of.
The faint pattern is irritatingly off of center.
This doesn't look like art but instead looks more like a leaky ceiling.
The image is plain and does not not have details.
The image above shows a city that looks dull and blurry.
The man is frowning and trying to stare through somebody's soul.
A sense of solitude exists with the sole character amidst the clouds. The darkness and the the eagle-shaped cloud depict a coiled rage within the character.
The image above shows a yellow painting that looks plain and art behind it.
The image above shows a painting that is in black and white form.
The image above shows a bush that has scattered and is quite dry.
the boxed in white image is forced concentration on emptiness
This is not a painting and it doesn't look artistic at all!
The image above shows a plain white image that does not have any details.
The image above shows a blue painting that looks boring.
The whole picture reflects the rudeness and anger itself
ANGER ARISE WHEN YOU CAN NOT FIGURE OUT THE PURPOSE OF SOMETHING.
The image above shows an indefinite shape in the painting.
A pair of horses tries to escape from the captively or their brutal owner.
A man is frowning as he holds a book. Tension is gathered between his dark brows.
because I despise this poor lost Jesus image and pretty much anything to do with the idea that some loving god had a son he made go through pain and anguish to save our poor souls
The red color and the one light in the room make it seem like I am in trouble and makes me angry that I am in this room
it resembles a person taken over by anger and hate
The image above shows plain yellow roses on a green field.
The image above shows a man with a red hat that looks furious.
It's his angry expression and the dark, foreboding colors used.
The man in the painting looks like he just got done yelling at someone.  His face appears aggressive.  The colors the artist used a very dark, highlighting the man's pale face which highlights his anger.
The male is clothed, while the woman is faceless and on the ground before the male who is carrying arrows, it makes her look defenseless.
The man seems to be very angry as it is shown on the image above.
The people in this painting looks like they have no remorse for Jesus Christ, the savior of the world and Son of God. They seem to be turning their back on him, while he willing die to pay for all their sins and failures. They are so ungrateful for that free gift of salvation.
The above image shows of an angry man as it is shown above.
the subject angrily avoids the viewer, content to read and ignore the process
Could Mr. be mad at Mrs.?  It looks like he could be upset, yet she has a smile on her face.  Did she get the upper hand?
The image above shows of a man who seems to be ready for a fight.
The mans face  expresses anger as it is shown on the above image.
The image below shows of a poorly built house.
This painting made me feel anger because this artwork seems discriminating.
So is this a war and the castle is under attack? OR is this of a big company infringing on every little piece of land and crowding out people?
The image above shows a man that looks bad with long beards.
this photo is really disgusting to me i maybe could undertnd capturing enemies and shackeling them but naked now thats humiliating and disgusting
The image above shows a man that is angry by the look on his face.
The image above shows poor people's houses with clothes hanged outside.
Based on the image above shows a black and white painting.
the man looks like he is about to get in a fight and looks slightly annoyed
The image above shows of some people who seems to be fighting.
The image above looks ancient and is in black and white form.
The above image shows of a man who is been tied.
the man in this picture is cheating at cards
The image above shows a boring painting that cannot be interpreted.
The image above shows a dry piece of land that look bear and the hot weather.
The above image shows of a rocky area hence it not been attractive at all.
considering that Jesus is being tied up and enslaved in this painting
The image above shows a painting that doesn't accurate.
The image above shows plants that are growing besides the river with no details.
This looks like the place where Harry and Megan were married. The black and white checkered floor is from the masonic and illuminati rituals.
The old man shown on the image above seems to be bored and sad over as certain thing.
The woman looks very angry and fed up.
The "busyness" of the painting fills me with anxiety.
The image above that looks bad and not clear.
The girl in the paintings face looks angry/upset at something.
The image above shows a woman that is angry by her facial expression.
This kid looks like he thinks he has more authority than he really has
this photo makes me angry because its a painted picture of JesUS AND I WONDER WHAT IAS THWEIR PURPOSE HE SHOULD BE WORSHIPPED
The person on the above image seems to be lonely.
She appears as if she is very entitled to everything
there is too much orange which is a restless irritable colour so it is hard to look at the pictures
the not knowing what it means anger me.
The image above shows a painting of a green tree with out details.
The man in this picture has scary big hat and looks very suspicious.
The image above shows a furious man that looks angry with big eyes.
The expression on this man's face is very angry and not at all welcoming
This man looks like someone who owns slaves.
The figure in this painting shows an angry emotion.
The above image shows of some girls who seems to be urguing.
The image above is blurry and seems like is in black and white.
The woman is pretending to be a friend to the townspeople but in reality she is the leader of a massacre society.
I am very angry about the person standing in the back. He seems to be harassing that girl.
The image above shows a painting that is brilliant with bright trees.
Anger may not be the best negative word used to describe how I feel.  It's more a negative feeling of confusion.  Like things are out of place.
The image seems to tell a story of a woman in distress needing help and a well off woman rejecting to do so. The expression on the two women's faces on the ground is of despair.
This painting gives me anger because there is so much going on in it that I cant even tell what the painting is actually of.
THE IMAGE BRINGS ANGER, FEAR PAIN ALL SAD & SICK EMOTIONS.
The image above shows a monster that looks ugly.
The girl in this painting looks irritated and angry by rolling her eyes at someone or something
The brightness of the red contrasting with the white plays tricks on my eyes and gives me a headache.
The image above cannot be interpreted and does not have much details.
the man in the centre of the picture is angry admonishing one of the women
The setting is darker, and the facial expressions look as though everyone is upset or the energy is tense.
considering this place looks as if it is toxic and has light at the end of the tunnel
This man looks smug, mean and snide.
This painting enlisted anger in me because this picture seemed to symbolize over crowding to me.  Where as the original picture was peaceful because of the privacy they had in nature.
A person of royald is seated with his arms crossed over his chest, body language depicting someone that is upset. His eyes brows are angled downward and his expression is one of anger.
It is irritating that something as stupid as a watermelon is considered art.
the man looks angry like he is about to lung at you
The image above shows an old man that is naked and looks bad.
The woman has a scowl on her face and appears ready to violently go after someone.
The image above shows a man on the ground that looks hurt.
The eyes are staring at something and the lips are in an angry/frown shape. The eyebrows also arches down signifying she is furious.
The image above shows a bush that looks shaggy.
The man seems reluctant to give the child to the woman.
Even the person in the painting is in repose, the overall mode of the painting seems angry. Almost like a crime scene.
this woman has killed with a knife in her right hand with blood of the innocent spilled is furious and with rage
With her arms crossed, the woman looks pretty angry.
Between the scowl on her face and her being by herself, I believe this girl is in timeout.  That would make any child angry.
The man is clearly frowning in a look of anger.
the subject is angrily judging someone out of frame, annoyed at having been disturbed
The image above shows a tree and animals flying on air.
There is an action which seems like slavery as shown on the above image.
The image above shows a white rock and trees that look plain.
The man face shows that he is not happy with something
the contrast of the scarlet red against the bright white, rebellion
The re someone who is pointing to someone else showing his anger towards her
The buildings would not accept any new immigrants into their businesses because they are racist.
The image above shows a pattern that looks ordinary and purple in color.
I don’t like that there’s no symmetry in this.
This man seems to be scowering at someone
The image above shows a small house that looks like for a poor person.
The image above shows  a jug and some veggies with no much details.
because there is a hunter going after a deer in the freezing cold
the color make me feel puzzled. so puzzled it make me angry.
The man is angry with his son. The son feels ashamed and bows down his head.
The child on the painting looks like he is not happy about something.
This looks to be a group of poor dead animals.
The coloring and lines make me feel angry.
These boats look abandoned and left there to rust and contaminate the ocean.
The image above shows a man that looks angry and mad.
The person on black dress look like they were a theif who stole the horse and the things
The image above shows men that are smoking and drinking.
The unclothed man standing on stage reminds me of slavery blocks where people are auctioned off
the tree men are dealing with burning alive of people who repent against them shows thuggery and rage
based on the ideology that it looks as if there are too many subliminal shapes and patterns
Person seems to be protesting something off focus, perhaps an injustice.
The man seems sinister and as if he is plotting, I want to stop him at all costs.
these men have taken over someone's home, sitting in their military imperiousness
This painting is of underage children who are naked swimming in the ocean  and theres no supervision around.
The paint dripping looks aggressive and harsh, like the solid is melting.
The man looks very angry with his arms crossed and by the look of his facial expression.
I feel that she is being made to sit there by force. She looks uncomfortable which is why her face is flushed. She doesn't look happy at all.
the men are plying the woman with drink in an attempt to take advantage of her
this man in ruby red gown looks menacing and scary
He looks angry and frustrated with someone. He is waiting to take his revenge.
The colors make me feel angry and mad because the reds make me think of fire and burning.
The way this shape is done confuses me to the point of anger. I do not understand the artist's intention, and it is annoying.
This woman looks intent and angry toward what she's doing
Red hot expression of anger bordering on violence.
The man outside the door is really a spy and is listening in on important military meeting in order to give the information to the other side.
I've seen ones like this, these men used to think they were in control of the entire world.
it looks like the woman is being sexually assaulted by a bandit.
A man is walking away from his duty.  He will not do as his fate deemed.  He is sweeping to avoid trouble.
The ropes look like chains, as if they are shackled to the ground. The arms look like the person is screaming for help.
The woman in the water is looking away like she doesn't know that she's being filmed.
the men are humiliating a poor disfigured person
She is slowing the turtle down.  She is to lazy to walk and is riding a sad turtle.
The baby's face seems so angry and frustrated at something.
The brush strokes are giving the feeling of being out of focus and hard to see
The woman doesn't know that she's getting filmed because the picture was taken behind her.
This looks like some off mating ritual. Certainly does not look like its consensual either.
The dark colors and scribbles all over the image makes it seem like the artist was mad in confusion while making it.
his face has a slight frown and look of anger as he reads the scroll
The darker color palette compared to the example image above gives the image a more brooding look, on top of that the thousands of brush strokes gives the picture a frenzied look.
The woman in the image has a flat look to her eyes and mouth giving the impression that she is angry.
The pose is very traditional (even meek and mild) but I see a little flicker of anger and rebellion in this young girl's eyes.
the subject is slyly looking away, knowingly proud of his work and knowing his superiority
This mother looks like she has her hands full with the man sleeping in the background.
The woman in this painting has her tiny nose turned up in a way that can only be taken as “snooty”. Her almost-frown is just a narrow slash of red like a cut across her face. She looks unpleasant like a Disney villain.
paintings in paintings and all that dogma...clutter makes me thing holding on to something for not sharing.
The waters pour down the rapids in a ferocious manner.
The two male figures have grotesque expressions. It looks like the hunchback wants to take the young woman and the mother looks distressed.
This guest is steeling from his hosts as they sleep.
The subject's hard gaze and tight lips are very judging
the subjects pinched face shows his displeasure and anger over the process
The person looks a bit angry.  The outfit is very fancy even for that time period and genre, so possibly wealth or royalty.  She doesn't look happy, and waste line looks so tight that it could constricts breathing, but that must have been common for the day.  The figure is tight and stiff which looks controlled.
this painting shows anger emotino on her face
the pope sits upon his throne reading the bible, complicit in murder in God's name
The subject looks like a wealthy tax collector in his fine furs and gold chains, forcing someone to sell off their possessions, and looking angry at the price he's getting.
the grass and trees look smudged and makes it hard to make out what is the image.
The flags looks broken, it makes me feel angry because I feel like this is a lack of respect.
These flags are blowing, making you think of angry winds.  Although the sun is shining and the day looks really nice, but the breeze is a bit much.
A king looking over his slaves as he points his finger irritates me. He is so smug, and everyone seems to be fine with that.
The fires rage and burn in the city. The sky burns with fury.
The store's window was filled with advertisement which ran contrary to the true meaning of the holiday season.
The way this city is structured seems dystopian and fascist.
this place of a house and land in red hot heat looks furious and of rage
The man has his eyebrows down and his mouth scowling.
The pointed right eye and twirled left eye feel pointed into your heart
While the painting is nice, it displays so much anger and hate within it. The way the figure is twisted represents a moment of anger that is scary.
I can't figure out what this is supposed to be and it bothers me that people consider this "art."
these sorrowful old boats on the dark satanic waters feels like fury is looking back at you
The sea looks dark and stormy; it looks like there is a risk of a shipwreck.
The deep red can be attached to the feeling of anger. The colors in the middle and below the painting are dark.
The overall tone is chaotic and the red invokes blood and violence.
the man has been silenced by his own hubris, his eyes are darting looking to pass his message
The painting of this man makes him look as if he is looking down on me in a condescending manner.
The man is squinting his eyes as though consumed by an angry emotion.
This woman's face projects a lot of anger with her raised eyebrows, drooped lips and cold eyes.
the picture clearly shows the luxury and opulence of the wealthy
this picture turns asian people into objects, they are not represented as anything more than something for amusement of the viewer
Anger is rather clearly conveyed in this image, with some people seemingly shouting and their arms up.
The skeleton in the image has an expression of anger on his face. The red colors throughout make the skeleton look even more angry. The red can also represent flames or smoke.
The woman has a soldier impaled on her forked stick and is laughing cruelly about it.
The women are topless, and some are on the floor looking like they are crying... the men look mean like they are forcing sex on these women.
The way the human bodies are shaped and made looks really poor and seems more a mockery than effort.
This painting makes me feel anger because the brushstrokes are not perfectly centered or set. Nothing seems happy about this. The red makes everything feel unhappy. The anger that takes place lies in the longer red brushstrokes than it does the blue. The red makes me think of a horror movie slashing scene.
A gathering storm on the right promises a violent and punishing time for the travellers.
The horse is furious and angry. It tries to push the man riding on top of it. It wants to free itself.
someone is being attacked but the next person doesn't even seem the attackers coming his way.
the woman is bloodied and it shows that she is near death
The bold red throughout the image bring feelings of anger. The red contrasts against the rest of the colors used. The red could represent blood.
he is a smug white man, he has a snarling face and mean eyes
she looks forced to be in this situation, it conveys anger just from that
the man has been tied up and being whipped and beaten
the man is wrapped around the naked woman as she leans to get away from him
The man is frowning, and his smile is upside down as if he is about to cry from anger.
the man's arrogant demeanour shows how little he cares for those around him
the couple is being spied on by the younger woman, as they share an intimate moment
the man is tied to the pillar being humiliated and beaten for amusement of the crowd
Anger and sadness with finding the death of her husband
This woman looks busy and angry. Also the men on the wall look angry as well.
After the war ends, the soldiers go to the village and torture the women and the children.
these well fed men have been at war, decimating the country side without care
The woman looks like she being candidly filmed without her knowing or consent.
This looks like child abuse. The older woman seems to be abusing the young boy.
The image lacks any sort of coherence, and the blue/brown/yellow color schematic doesn't go well together. This frustrates the viewer.
this photo , although i dont understand why makes me angry.  i see things calming in the light but in the dark i just get angry
I didn't enjoy these pictures. They made me feel angry because there seemed to be no point in the picture.
This looks like a propaganda type of poster the way it is formatted, with the person in yellow in the foreground being "in charge" and the colors conveying urgency and danger.
The gorgeous woman is angry at the moment. She is upset because she is not ready for the picture. She wanted to dress well and put on some make up.
With her hand on her hip, she seems to be upset or waiting.
this scary and frightening large man with a strong face and body looks in rage
it is an autocratic ruler issuing edicts to his servant while surrounded by luxury
They took themselves so seriously at this time, how they could expand their influence
The man's facial expression, and the stark angles used by the artist, evoke discontentment.
It seems like a loud and rowdy bar where people are drunk out of their minds.
These individuals appear to be frustrated about a potential outcome
The people have been overindulging in food and alcohol. They are breaking things and have no self-discipline.
without care for the danger facing the oxen, the men use the animals to pull their boat ashore
He is stressed about something, at this time there is too much on his mind.
The smoke in the sky is causing a lot of pollution and it does that everyday
the depiction of Jesus robed in red is a reminder of the blood spilled in his name
This being is depicted as being too powerful, sure they might have knowledge but what powers do they have?
The woman looking into the mirror cannot see herself and is frustrated by her lack of connection.
the subject is covered in armor holding a halberd ready for war
An 'in your face' expression of the wealth and power of the Church, dressed in the finery more expected of a Monarch or a despot than a man of God
The reds and black in this image use colors or aggression or rage which evoke that emotion
Desolate.  Nothing is living.  Nothing can be grown.  Depressing
the girl's expression and sideways glance make her looks smug, coy and affected
Anger, mainly because his expression didnt show any of the other choices given.
the subject's rotund face and fancy stress is a stark remind of the superiority of white men
There is an aggressiveness to the waves. The use of the white gives visual to a lot of froth from strong waves.
People at war.  The French had invaded.  The village is imprisoned.
Children are being made (because when do kids ever get to choose when it comes to this stuff?) to perform for adults. Nobody looks pleased to be there.
the men are gathered in a back room gambling on a game of billiards
The sky is fierce with vibrant flame. It burns above the port.
the woman is working hard and having to mount high stairs to reach her ramshackle house
He is angry and dark looking.  He appears to have no tolerance for others and thinks he is superior.   He looks hateful and vengeful.
the splatter of red paint in the centre is reminiscent of blood and martial anger
it is the death of Jesus on the cross, he died to forgive the sins of the world
The two of them are arguing and started to push each other over something that led to fight.
Always hard at work, where is the time to put the work away.  It upsets me that we rarely enjoy ourselves fully.
It makes me feel like someone thinks they can control people as though they are a puppet master.
The size of the two semi-circle are different. It shows inequality, which is a bad thing.
everything is destroyed, its dark with the highlight of white, makes it angrier like lightning
The infant looks ill and malnourished, while the mother seems oblivious and distracted by her reading.
this man of rage in his eyes gives a whiff of horror and fury
If you have nothing to express then do nothing. This painting has nothing to show
The people are at war.  They are battling.  Death and destruction.
It illicits anger in me mainly because I don't have any idea whats going on. The man is staring off into a wall and the woman depicted seems to be asking for his attention. Just looks like a very annoying scene.
This is an image of slavery and servitude with the dark woman working as the pale skinned women relax.
the men are having an intense argument as the man in the white toga leans forward
The image is portraying a religious practice that is "wrong" and opposite of the one in the other picture.
The woman only holds the baby with one hand and doesn't support his head.
this arrogant couple is surrounded by their poor humble servants
This looks like the man is dumping out the womans drink on purpose. Absuive.
The woman is annoyed at the man hovers and pesters her.
Angry mob is beating and spearing the man on the ground in a pool of his spilled blood.
the man sits forward with an arm on his leg as if to say, no you listen to me because i am important
It looks as though shes trying to break up a fight by stepping on a dog with her very hard shoes, and that makes me mad, she could hurt the dog.
This woman, although alone is surrounded by darkness and does not seem happy. There are articles of armor around the floor that may hint at blood shed.
No uniformity, chaos, thrown together, pointless, annoying.
This image is a strong one, the angels have influence over him.  He is not in his full capacity.
This image invokes a level of fear to viewers
The man with the cane looks angry.  He looks like he is walking up and incline.  Maybe he is in pain or doesn't want to do something that he is doing.
the subject has a smug face and a rotund body who appears to be in a position of authority
The subject is carrying a weapon that doesn't appear to simply be decorative. The expression is somewhere between furious and mildly upset.
the emotion that i can perceive right here are a lot of pain and anger in all the way here.
The original photo the woman and child has a happy spirit. This one the woman is angry and the child is not happy.
They are too into the rituals of living, they forget to live their best life with the time allotted to them
I can’t tell if this is a baby or a middle-aged man, and I don’t like it.
the cow has died from starvation, it lays rotting on the ground
Emptiness.  Nothing is there and no-one is around.  Everyone is lonely and does not care.
This made me angry becuas eof the plum of black smoke polluting the area
The lion is searching for his family. He is angry and fierce.
There seems to be an aggressive sense emanating from the painting. The strong reds give off a fury.
I picture this was during the confederate times, who knows exactly though.
The way the man looks makes seem very angry and discontent.
They think they will live a long and old life like the couple in the first picture but the fates are jealous and angry at their love and are moving to TRT to stop them
the woman is forced to feed her husband who is too self important to feed himself
The cricket is angry at the bee for stinging his wife. So he attacking the bee with his baton.
The man is scowling and looks ready to be someone up.
The person looks like he would have owned slaves if that was an option for him
this is brutal reminder of the cruelty of the fox hunt
the male subject appears to look disdainfully from the canvas at the viewer
this photo shows on one hand murder and fighting while on the other hand it shows someone asking for forgiveness it makes e angry to see this
Dark colors bring negative emotions and anger is nearest.
the subject is staring off into space, ignoring the painter in his importance
The sea is in turmoil, crashing against the shore. The dark clouds are brooding, ready to unleash their savage storm.
Man appears to be angry. He has a scowl on his face & you can see tension in his eyebrows
The couple looks as if they are having a fun time, but I get mad at the idea that it might be for show and that this woman might be uncomfortable.
the old man is ruddy faced and angry, his eyebrows are knit together in anger
This man makes me assume that he is tired and worked himself to the bone and wished he was relaxing instead, but life has made him a hard worker to barely make ends meet.
The cruel dictator look forward to another day where he could control the populace.
the man to the left is depicted in dark colors which makes him scary and he looks to be arguing with the man in the bright colors.
The painting is just horizontal lines; it is infuriating that this is considered art.
As a environmentalist, this image reminds me of the industrial age where there was so much pollution and complete disregard for the environment.
The man seems swat out in aggression. He is furious with the people at the table.
Why did anyone insist this was drawn with him backwards?
The man looks angry as he reads a scroll and crushes it. It seems to be a bad news.
It appears that the reclining figure has just given birth and the figure in black is stealing away with the infant.
That there is a man utterly helpless and about to be killed, and only one person dares intervene makes me angry, But the way the artist seems to have drawn a line between the good Christian in pure white robes and the murderous infidel clad in bloody red also makes me feel some anger.
This guy looks like he is bothering this woman and needs to go away
It's very busy with lots of overlapping and disorganization and muddled colors that mimic the feeling of being overwhelmed when you're frustrated with something.
The red looks like anger and fire and the black adds a darkness to the painting.
The big man is not attractive. The small people next to the big man are hard to see. The area within the rug is too dark to make out what these people are doing. The narrative is confusing or ambiguous.
this shows how man is willing to kill in the name of the divine
It feels like two mad eyebrows looking straight at me and that makes me respond back with appropriate anger levels just the same.
The guy looks like he's being punched by two people.
It's hard to tell what animal is there in black, but the two humans appear to be the owners and are letting it tear up their room
It is too complex I would say, not a bad painting or anything but the idea could have been delivered with doing less
The redness hue makes me feel angry or emotional
The man in the painting appears angry and as he raises his hand towards the other man in the painting.
the woman looks disinterested in the unwanted attention from the men
Why did the artist portray her in that way.  What is the point of the overlay?  It would have been better without the red thing over her.
The woman holds a naked baby on her lap outside.
this speaks to the subjugation of man to the outside forces of the world
the war ships dominates the water front, a sign of the dominion of the ruler
The fruit is not organized.  A lemon is just sitting alone and not on the plate like everything should be.
this giant bird with sharp teeth and bright coloured feathers looks to be very much in rage and horror
the subject is standing with arms crossed with a look of smug satisfaction on his face
this big large powerful man is with fury and rage
Seems to be a picture of a conseated "explorer"
The depth of color and color choices seem to boil.
The multiple shades of red create a mean angry feeling that is present in the image
The man looks bored. He is looking off into the distance with a frown on his face. His eyes are narrow.
The dark clouds promise a savage storm brewing beyond the painting.
Dang when I said I was a lesbian I thought you could keep your funky kids out the room I can’t eat your snatch in front of your damn kids what is wrong with you dirty whore
there is fury and rage in the eyes of this big powerful man wearing posh clothes and hat
This guy looks like he is not a nice man and would be very strict
the man's imperious stance shows his arrogant belief that he is better than others
A large radical group of people attacking and protesting or fighting about something.
The mountains in the background seem to be moving. Their rage is building and going forth
the woman is selling herself and the performance for the enjoyment of men
The position of the female on a religious icon brings anger to this viewer, as well as the implication of female aggression in sex and the male helplessness against it.
This looks like a place that I would not be allowed to live back in the day
My servant ran away and he took the drugs with him
I know the artist would say it is complete but to me it does not appear to be.
The woman sits on the floor turned away like she's unaware of the person looking at her.
The person looks quite disgruntled, like they had been waiting too long for something.
I never really liked this type of art. Though this painting with its colors makes me feel anger, resentment, and I believe its mainly the colors. Looks just horrible, nothing is vibrant.
the men are getting ready to race horses across uneven terrain which is dangerous for the horses
This artist looks like he was angry when he was painting this.  There is so much darkness and thrashing of the brush.  It's almost like a nightmare.
The colors are very bright and loud evoking a feeling of alertness and combativeness.
It makes me a little angry because it seems like there is some sort of subliminal message within it. I don't like being manipulated.
It is a like seeing red what you see when angry why would you want to keep looking at it
This painting is annoying to me evoking anger. The style seems like it is trying to be artsy but really seems busy and overdone.
The woman in the painting seems very judgmental and condescending.
It appears as though the man on the right is callously smoking his pipe as he overlooks the body of a man on the left.
This doesn't look like art or anything special, so it makes me angry.
Someone has tried to tear down the middle piece of the painting.
The dense blacks used seem to emit a fierceness in the foreground. The feeling seems to wane as it goes back.
The sketch of the woman shows pursed lips and narrowed eyes which makes her look as though she is angry.
the male subject stands with arms crossing with legs apart in a power stance with a cross face
this looks to me like a picture of a blank page
This looks like someone has left their child unattended
The figures on the right seems to be suspicious and attempting to convince the one on the left of something they do not want to do. This is dishonest.
I think the red represents anger, starting as little blips and then expanding into larger episodes.
this jumble of colour makes me anxious and mad because there is no order to it
More effort could have been put into creating this image.
the paint splatter evokes the image of blood spatter when one is shot., it is obliterating the face of one of the subjects
The woman appears to be washing up while someone's taking a picture without her knowledge.
This lady has so much anger in her eyes.
the woman in the photo has a visible frown
This makes me really impatient to meet someone that I should have seen a while ago
the beautiful woman has been struck down and murdered
the men have murdered this person and they are working to chop up the body
The look of their eyes, the eyebrows are raised and frown on his face
his face seems to display frustration or that he's angry at something or someone which makes me feel angry vibes from it
they look like they are beating up on the small boy.
The horse is being rode wildly by the guy because the horse is rearing up on his back legs.
the young man's bold arrogant face and crossed arms is standoffish
This is showing accusation of what may have been a crime
A lot of these guys had slaves and are revered in a certain country
the subject's intense glare reaches through the canvas at the viewer and his anger is palpable
His woman is a block head.  She is only concerned with herself and he image.
Angry, negative, middle-aged man who is a real pain-in-the-ass.
The whole image makes me think of an assault or murder being committed, it is angering and fearful to try to experience emotionally.
The shading and facial expression of the man makes it seem like he is looking down on someone.
the subject has a haughty countenance, he is showing his belief that he is superior
This flowered cat looks very angry.  Teeth are showing and eyes are squinty.
Everything feels disorganized which makes me feel anxious
the person right here expressed all his might with a lot of tones and stroke.
The character portrayed in this image seems uninterested. They are looking away. There is also a man in the background and they are not communicating. Gives off angry vibes.
Such a typical rebelious teenager look in this young girl's eyes. You can make me pose for a picture but I don't have to be happy about it.
They are victims of poverty & they suffer too much.  I am guessing it is somewhere in south America but i am not sure.
This woman just learned her husband is in town with a mistress she’s going to confront him and embarrass him and show him who has the best body
I think i feel how he feels here, It is an intense image.
this image make me feel bored, angry. black & white, boring!
the woman is playing a slot machine gambling her money
the tones the stroke in my opinion this person is giving a full mad man feeling
this poor woman looks like she is being used as an unwilling servant by these male chauvinist by having to wash all of those guys feet because she yields a soft and motherly touch
Colors are dark, yet intense. Terrain looks rough
cause she looks like she has attitude
The bright disturbing colors chaotically spread on the canvas evoking an aggressive feeling.
The overcast day with the dark water give an ominous feeling with the standing man looking like he's yelling at the man sitting down
the man is readied for battle, his hand is on his sword ready to draw
This speaks a lot of anger to me. The reason is the fact that it looks as if mother nature has been cut off. It appears that man has completely dominated the landscape leaving none of the worlds true beauty left.
It looks like this woman does not know someone is painting her while she is naked
The soldiers seem to be motioning and exerting their authority in some way. The soldier on the right looks as if he's pleading slightly for their mercy.
I'm not sure if they are but the white pointy hats remind me of the KKK.
A fight is going on where three men are attacking one guy. They are not letting them go away.
the people in the village look in rage and a whiff of fury bestows them
In comparison to the other painting this on doesn't have any natural landscape, The nature as been crush by civilization.
A fight is going on between two person. The both are fighting for winning.
I want to hit the smug look off his face.
the painters angry face clearly says he's not interested in the distraction
The sharp lines and bold colors create a deception of the shadows capitalizing on the hopes of the American Dream.
he ringing bells convey a feeling of aggression and loudness.
The fruit being separated gives me a feeling of monotony like that felt during a task.  The fruit is colorful and fun, but there is no fun to the picture because the fruit is separated by kind like one would do for a chore
the subject stares with intense anger showing his displeasure
The woman's eyes and the compressed lips seem to carry a slight fury
this man dressed in posh gear looks like he could kill he is full of fury and rage
This image reminds me of a lifeless machine. The cylinder in the middle with the gray and brown outer part.
the men are working hard for the fishmonger to sell their catch and he is taking it easy and relaxing
The men are frowning and separate from the two women.
The person in the picture seems to be angry or sad
this is a remind of the domination and destruction that the catholic church has caused around the world
the stern face of the painter peers out at the viewer as we are interrupting his process
The subjects appear to be fleeing frantically and defensively.
I don't really like this painting. It literally looks like a demon trying to rape what appears to be a woman holding her towel.
The caveman looking figure looks to be trying to rape the white woman
the colors are dark and they dont match it is aggressive and too bold.
She was a part of some royal or ultra wealthy family.  She did not suffer the problems many others did
This statue is black and grey. Instead of having many round edges, the edges of this statue are sharp.
The children do not appear to be accompanied by an adult.
The glasses show mixed feelings. All are interconnected to one another.
The lady sits unclothed in a chair while looking away like she doesn't want to be seen.
the men have been hanged by their neck until dead
Our studies have shown: Emotions in the arts affect us on a subjective and bodily level which influences aesthetic evaluations, e.g, liking. ... Rather the emotional tone of artworks leads to congruent emotion changes on a subjective and bodily level in a perceiver.
The sky looks bright and the place looks bad
this man's pudgy round face sneers at the view from the canvas
I think it's meant to be abstract, but it doesn't really appear to be anything of value or interest. Comes off like a pretentious art.
The woman on what I believe is a horse has her arm grasping the other arm of the middle person. The grasp is an angry grasp. The woman's face shows anger. It looks like they are fighting over something in the lady's arms.
The face of the stature looks disapproval, unhappy or angry with something.
I just don't really like the way the subject is looking at me, like he might want something from me
It looks like they are treating this women as an object.
the orator is encouraging the burning of books and the loss of knowledge
This person looks like they are being spied on and painted
I don't think she was living the life she wanted, she was not free at this period in history.  Not treated with respect legally I am referring to.
Just a messy scribble of paint but feels somewhat angry like it was done by someone trying to get their anger out.
The love of money is the root of all evil, people like him were mainly concerned with money & power
The man has that contemptuous look like he thinks he is better than everyone.
the man stares angrily from the canvas, he is not amused by the process
the sharp features and hard stare of the eyes give the feeling of anger and attempt at dominance
The young boy looks angry as he was forced to come and stand for the picture. He is not interested in all this stuff.
the rotundity of the subject belies his arrogant station in life
the woman is faceless, a body for the viewer to enjoy
Vague situation I feel vague because of this meaningless film.
tiresome of the land and alone as i go.
The man looks like a soldier, and is occupying the house possibly bothering those that live there.
This looks like chaos, not art.
The repeating pattern and crude painting technique arouses an aggressive reaction.
The pointed face of the demon and the bright red and purple of the background
The deep reds and the chaos of it all stir up anxiety and unrest
I'm angry at the man who looks like he's about to kill the woman because she is obviously a good person since Angels are preparing to give her a halo when she dies. This picture shows evil defeating good
a drama is taking form in a different ways the expressing of many different things
the subject stares angrily from the canvas with dark brooding eyes
There is a rigid separation between the white and the black, it suggests that there is little room for compromise or understanding
It looks like a random mixture of shapes haphazardly put together. Borderline non-sensical and quite irritating.
The snow does not look peaceful. On the left its looks like violent waves ready to crush all in its path.
It is a very boring and dull image to look at.
The blue wide lines remind me of runs/tears ruining my favorite expensive pair of leggings.
Selected view with town in background and farm is obstructed, cramped and gives an uneasy, possibly looming or urgent feeling from this perspective.
The red spots resemble eyes to me, in an angry face type shape with the surrounding oval.
The waves are wrath with fury. The toss and churn, capsizing the ships and destroying them.
how this one was painted and the emotion it display probably the anger and the fury expressed in here
The people on the top of the building look like they are being forced to work
these men think that praying over the sick pauper is helping him
The face on this man definitely shows he is angry. His teeth are clenched and his eyebrows are slanted in anger. His eyes are staring straight ahead. His hand are on his side and they are not relaxed..
The guy appears ready to strangle someone with his small hands.
The clouds are threatening a vicious storm. The waves are rocking the boat violently.
Anger most likely, especially as shown on the man's face.
More effort could have been made making a more interesting image.
He does not look like a very nice man, probably was ultra wealthy
The scowl on the man's face gives off the feeling of anger or displeasure.
A group of soldiers have entered the village. They are full of rage and anger. They are torturing the poor people and making them slaves.
The man has really angry-looking eyes as he stares off and his lips are pursed.
the man's lips are pursed in displeasure, he is staring at the viewer annoyed at being interrupted
This reminds me that I still have to wait to see the person I care about
This man's expression upsets me and irritates me. It seems he is so sure of himself potentially.
This man's face gives of a feeling of him looking down on you.
the man's arrogance shines through, his head tilted up is indicative of his belief that he is better than those around him
This man seems to be displeased to be having his painting taken.
the ruination of the countryside in the wake of war, a storm cloud hovers above blocking out the sun
The sea has a lot of white, which looks like froth. It looks angry at the coming of industry.
The waves are crashing against the rocks, pounding waves.
the woman's tight pressed lips and sideways glance shows that she is suspicious of the process
This image makes me angry because we will never know the beautiful sceneries of the times of the egyptians
The hyper saturated photo negative makes it hard to see anything
The king is angry at his oldest daughter for betraying his wishes.
The painting makes me feel anger because there is a large castle and wealth, likely built on the backs of the common people surrounding the castle who appear to be there for a royal procession
The queen is conveying something stressful to the man she is pointing her finger.
The man is looking off into the distance with a frown on his face. The painting uses all dark colors.
the wealthy man is being tended to by his servant, having his pant legs cuffed
it is the muscular legs of a man looking to commit murder as he holds a knife in his hand ready to strike
This guy looks like he would be a very strict boss that does not appreciate his workers
The only real problem with Christianity is that it was brought on through genocide.
the smoke stack spewing pollution into the air and the steam ships is a clear reminder of the ruination of the environment at the hands of industrialization
The soldiers with sword in their hands gives a feeling of war/battle and appears to have a lot of pain and agony
the man in the foreground is pouting and angry like a petulant child
people are dying in the streets from plague and no one is helping
the woman is along, tending her cattle, carry the milk she's just got from the cow
I see a kid slaughtering/ sacrificing his people for what? Power? Ego? Or maybe these men are prisoners, but wow that's an ugly way to die!
The cups for coffee or tea are empty and discarded while the nutritious food is left untouched
This color scheme makes me feel stressed and irritable.
sudden colors of red, orange and yellow are like an explosion compared to the calmness of the original soft colors and gentle brush strokes
The evil powers meeting over the town and looking down on their spoils
At not been around in these times to enjoy
The man appears to be attacking these other people, judging by the two people laying on the ground and cowering and him holding what looks like a weapon.
the dying man is being prayed over instead of helped
the way he is rising his arm his face all are showing how mad he is.
The bright red colours give me a feeling of anger as well as the facial expressions
Certainly showing anger with armor on and weapon drawn.
It looks like the froth of a giant wave ready to tip. It broils forward, crushing all in its path
The painting looks overly smudged for my taste that makes the image borderline incomprehensible and unclear.
the art work is so congested with no image making typical sense.
the elephant is being kept in captivity as an amusement for people to see
The clouds are brewing with the promise of thunder and lightning.
The painting shows a lady in the water being apparently attacked by a large bird.
The trees look overgrown and messy and the pond looks contaminated with the green and blue colors
its so chaotic i dont really understand what this is suposed to represent its so sharp and jagged and all over the place disorganised and messy
The woman has an angry look in her eye and is ready to fight with her hands.
a corrupt church crowing a divinely appointment King to rule over the land
this man's face makes me angry, he has a look of smug satisfaction
Her face is very mean looking and wants to hurt someone's feelings.
the picture is of slaves working.  They were captured against their will
the sharp lines down with the dark black on the edge and the very dark red on the left gives a very negative attitude.
it's better to open the window and have a nice pretty view of outside than a closed window with a potted plant in the way.
The waves are crashing against the shore. The warship is ready to sail forth for war
This woman looks empowered to leave and liberated
The clouds and sea are wrath with anger. The crash and churn and the clouds broil.
Writing in black is on the wall behind the guitar.
The waves are toppling with a lot of froth. The clouds reflect the violence.
both the male and female appear to be mad and angry
This painting made feel anger because the figure in the artwork needs assistance.
The lady in picture is glaring at something or someone.
A greater range of colours could make up this image.
the lighting tone in this picture is too bright. this would have been an amazing picture, but the artist made it too bright to see.
the woman is being harangued by her husband and she just wants to get away from him
Guys depicted in this image thought they owned the entire world & everyone in it.
This guy looks like a person that would have owned slaves back in the day
There seems to be a darkness and aggression with the tightly clenched fist.
a seemingly pious man, reading the word of God and perverting the message for his own gain
the boy is driving a stake into the ground to tie up his cow
the wasted lives of the animals killed by the hunter, piled up for his amusement
This depicts back breaking work from locals or slaves. It was a rough life in that time period and a rough position to be under working in those conditions. It frustrates me looking at this.
When I look at this all I see are human slaves. You can see the great hardship in the work they are doing as exemplified by the man in the blue shorts up against the wall. The man in the front in the orange trunks has quite the look of despair on his face.
peoples hands are bound and they are surrounded by soldiers. it will not end well
This makes me think of people always having to fight to get things
The sky is red with fury. The land looks like it has burned in the searing heat
This one made me feel angry because I get a sense that they are unfairly judging her (most likely because she is pregnant) for something about her character. You can see that the guy sitting down is giving her bad news or rejecting her or denying her for somehing.
Clearly this boy has been punished for something and is sitting outside all alone, just their with their thoughts. It angers me as it reminds me of when I would be punished and put in my room for hours on end.
This individual looks angry and seems to be on an X-shaped cross or some other torture-related implement.
this painted face sends shivers down your spine he is showing rage and fury
The rabbi looks angry at his fellow followers.  As they have betrayed his trust and loyalty.
The brutal murder of the honest shopkeeper on his way home.
the noise in the image is swalling different emotions
The trees look like they are overgrown and not cut like someone isn't tending to them.
This person seems like they were working through somethings when they made this.
The endless black on the canvas is too overtaking and maddening
this block of solid purple  to pink dominates everything its truly in fury and horror
This is a very dull choice or colours.
the women are doing the washing, breaking their backs to clean their family's clothes
This one has a dark shape with sharp edges and looks angry.
a giant phallic symbol with a man atop, clearly demonstrating his dominion over all around
The people in the image are not concerned about the nature and spoiling it.
the colors do not blend i do not like that makes me angry
this is a portrait of a psychopath who is very angry and has excoriating mad and frowning eyes.
The person in white in the foreground seems sick, yet the person in the middle of the image seems to be yelling at them.
Jesus had to suffer for everyone and no one helped him
I am not sure why that qualifies as art. It's almost as if the artist was making fun of the audience.
This painting is completely blank and it makes me angry.
The waves are fierce and driving far up the rocks. The rocks cannot contain their fury
The sky is burning with rage. The land has turned black from heat of its fury.
the men disembark the ship, ready to take the castle
The man's evil gaze, weapon, and black clothing with black hat and red feather scream pirate
Horrible grey cloudy day.typical of our climate
It looks like the girls finna be hit
The actions of the people explains the anger in them.
This man looks like he got where he is on the backs of others.
The choppy seas and dreary palate elicit a feeling of discontentment.
The man in the shadows has just reviled terrible news to the woman in the sunlight
It looks less like a sculpture and more like a photograph of someone who lost a leg.
people are gathered in front of the uncaring church looking for help
the man is dressed in a military uniform, he is a war monger
the ascetic is living in isolation in a devotion to an uncaring God
A man looks ready to go into a battle
the slightly slanted eyes and red undershirt give this man a very judgemental look
Red rectangle box indicate anger.And brown floor and white wall upset.
the woman has an stern look on her face which evokes rage
The woman's expression is stoic, bordering on anger and discontent. In contrast joy and contentment, she appears unhappy with her circumstances. She is dressed finely, staring straight ahead at the viewer with a cold gaze.
The girl in this picture appears to be angry. She has her arms crossed which is something people do in anger. She is not smiling and she is staring off to the side.
the industrial port with men working has changed the landscape of the harbour
The skies are rumbling and the sea are tossing about in rage
The man in the painting has this expression on is face as if he doesn't even want to be standing there.
the men are rioting in the street chasing a woman to do her harm
this symbol makes me very upset and the red and black makes it resonate even more.
one house built on top of the next, the cramped quarters of a budding city blocks out the light and one's individuality
I overall feel anger.  It looks like there was a huge fight in the house. The wife started throwing her husband clothes in the suitcase and said leave.
A lot more effort could have been put into creating this picture.
It look like people wrapped are tied up stacked.
what could have been a normal picture, the artist decided not only to make this abstract and draw like a five year old, but also smudged it with horrible colour choices like that orange red on the pot.
the man looks out over the battlefield surveying the distruction
This painting is chaotic and confusing, which inspires anger. The black of the rooves turns into the crows in the sky turns into a looming darkness.
the tones found right here give an eerie vibre
that God should give up his only son for our sins, when the world remains full of sinners and evil doers
They need to take that animal out of the cage and let it walk around
I wonder what she is reading, probably something that is not good for her.
This child just looks like she would have an attitude problem and would be hard to deal with.
The juxtaposition of soft blue and jarring orange evokes a sense of misplacement.
All of the other pictures had a sense of openness and freedom at some level. When I see this picture I see pain and I see beatings. I understand that his job is to herd the sheep but I don't see this person as a compassionate being. I see him as someone who would take their anger our on these poor sheep who are clearly not as free as the other animals in the other paintings. This angers me.
the figure on the right is armed and ready to go to battle and kill in the name of God
an occean of colors and stroke of anger from the artist
the beautiful wood doors have been graffitied and ruined for the owners
The picture contains too much empty space. The small images have sharp corners, which are not aesthetic, and there brown/green colors are not pleasing.
It seems as if the artist put very little effort into their work.
one can see a simple place at one point in time but as time progresses, the city can take over and there goes the simplicity of things in the world.
the sharp edges on this rectangular shape and the very dark background make for a very negative emotion for this picture.
This man seems to be molesting that woman, wife or not.
The red colors, chaos and sharpness of the objects that look like arrows makes me agitated and angry
The eye is drawn crossed while the rest of the drawing looks so detailed. It disturbs my ocd.
The person has angry gestures and motions with his body.
the men are unhappy with the intrusion of the young violin player
This woman looks angry or annoyed about something, with her hand on her hip and a scrunched look on her face.  Perhaps something to do with the little dog in front of her.
This image is dull and more effort could have been made.
This man has been caught killing wildlife on this man’s property there is a pitchfork right there it may b used
The kind is about to decide the fate of thousands for his own greed.
This guy looks very judgmental like he will not accept someone doing something wrong for him
She's most likely to be angry about something at the table.
The subjects in the painting seem to be involved in some sort of whispering conspiracy. It is tantamount to anger
The picture shows a fashionable woman that looks angry, older and haggard unlike the young girl in the original picture.
the woman is sitting with her friend, angry, her hands on her hips, her face scrunched in disgust
This man is looking cross about the situation he is having to deal with.
the man is jeering at the viewer from the canvas, his mouth twisted in scorn
The woman appears to be unclothed while she's looking away from whoever's filming her without her knowing.
the man is being executed by having boiling water poured over him
the woman is bowing down to her man and being subservient and this upsets me.
The man looks vicious with the downturned eyebrows.
The Samara seems to be overly angry and must battle another Samara to save his family.
The woman twisting the bunch of sticks in her hand, the way she turns around with firm lips show and give anger feel.
The red, yellow, and orange match the anger the black is leaving
the man is haughty and angry, his arms are crossed across his chest and his feet are in a power stance
this fighter a bare knuckle boxer looks frightening and  dangerous
the wealthy man stares from the canvas intensely, he is ready for an attack with is hand on his weapon
I do not like the contrast of the orange and the green and it is hard to understand what the painting is of which angers me.
The color scheme is way too dull and the overall imagery is unimaginative.
this paradise is being ruined by tourists in the distance who are marring the scenery
The man is trying to strike the other with the bottle.
the man looks quite stern and angry
here we can see the definition of anger in all its explendor
This man is ugly, vain and full of his own self-importance
the caricature of the black man is bordering on minstrelsy
the face is serious and intense, so it gives off a bit of anger
The people look like they are in the process of getting left behind
Abraham is ready to sacrifice his sone to show is commitment to God
An agent working for who exactly? He knows of things others dont
The use of heavy red and orange convey a sense of agression.
This woman looks like she is being spied on to be in this painting
It seems to show the moment when Christ is accused by the mob
The sky burns in the distance. It looks like a fire that will spread and consume the city.
The sea is dark and, though, still, it seems to be gathering strength
The colours give off a certain angry tone and the different shades of red make it seem so.
Everything in the picture is up in the air and looks dangerous.
The fear in the woman's face and the man approaches with dagger in hand
The face is rigid and authoritative, and a scowl makes it unpleasant.
feels like an emotional explosion, just blasted out.
the sharp lines and the dark black colouring of the red and blue give this a negative emotion.
the way this one is expressed is like a bunch of emotions are messy and trying to cohabitate
The repetition of teh shapes reminds me of bombs blown through the air. They fly one after another. The colors make me think of anger flying towards its target.
The skies will soon unleash their lightning.
She looks like she is frustrated with someone who won't leave her alone
Servants and common folk surrounding this Pharaoh that looks well taken care of as his people look rough and poor angers me.
A small boy looks on at smoke stacks, not realizing what damage they may be doing to the environment around him and the future.
The flowers should not be on the table, they should be in their own vase
a turmoil of fury and great or strong emotions in different strokes in the image
the colors used in this image and probably the way this ghost looking guy is described
pictured is a miserable old man, happy in his wealth but lonely in life
Not sure why somoen would paint or want this. It veritually the same color and doesnt say anything.
a powerful aptitute even when all is again'st you and your destiny, the people beside you are onimous
the long stroke the colours used in this image all of it
the soldier is trekking across the mountains looking for a battle
Fighting, feels tense, the shadows and highlights add to fear
At what cost is beauty?  Is it worth the discomfort?
the man stands there arrogantly with his hand on his hip, staring disdainfully from the canvas
the imperiousness of the male figure is evident, he stands holding a sceptre with a hand on his hip
The man looks frowning and is upset with his mouth closed tightly.  His eyes seem to be staring at something which is unpleasant to him.
This picture seems to be a man trying to hurt a woman who wants him . That makes me angry.
The reddish orange in this pic makes me think of anger.  The man looks somewhat sad and also looks like he is standing in front of a  round target.
the young child tends the cattle in the field, ensuring they're taken care of
This really kills the pattern of the rest of the pieces. This just looks simple and not really a piece. It's frustrating to see this in the mix.
the trees are dying in this isolated canyon as the sun is blocked by the clouds
All the reds look like blood smeared across the sky.
this woman wearing pink gown and feathered hat is with fury and rage in her gaze she is horror
we are working ourselves to death, and if we don't take a break we're going to pay the consequences
He is made at the tree house party kids that are trespassing.
in my opinion it is plasmed its fury with the red tone it is like the town is burning in a lot of fire.
The man in the painting makes me feel anger.  He looks like he is angry with his brother. And he contemplating a revenge on him.
the pursed lips and his angry expression in his eyes reminds me of an old boss of mine who was a sheer tyrant.
The painting provokes an angry reaction due to the fact that the face has a texture in the expression that may lead to that!
The painting is kind of abstract and so its meaning is up to interpretation.You could say it's angry with the objects ready to explode.
Leaving this door open like this makes me think that a lot of flies can get in the house
person does not look very happy as he is walking away
the poor are begging at the gate of the monastery seeking blessings
These men appear to be trading favors, possibly politcal ones
the cruxifiction of one of the most atrocious thing for the humanity
This man looks cross and stuck up with his arms folded. He doesn't seem like a happy guy at all.
the woman looks like she is absolutely fed up with the person painting the picture, her eyebrow is raised, her umbrella is across her lap and her lips are pursed together
The place looks clumsy and her face expresses anger.
While death is a part of life and natural, and the end result is everyone turning to dust and bones, most skulls are expressionless, however, I noticed that the skull in this picture seems to be frowning. It is as if the skull is mad or upset or angry at something.
The woman in this painting has a cross expression written on her face and it shows.
The giant man on the giant horse is dressed for battle, and seems to be coming after the man living in the trees, while the giant man is destroying the trees in his path.
The beautiful landscape has been marred by all the buildings that are inches apart.
The skies are dark and the seas are rough against the shore
It looks like the man in black is ditching a body in the hills.
The red symbolizes anger for me. It looks like this place is doomed.
the man is pressuring the woman into an intimate moment
Contextually for me it angers me to see this as he reminds me of a professor that I had back in university. This man was very angry all the time, demanding, demeaning, callous with no heart. Even when I look at this picture and see those soulless eyes, it reminds of that man.
Too much going on in this paining and should have been colorful
the frustration of trying to do mental math with a learning disability
why is this ENTIRE forest in ORANGE? even the grass is orange? Why would the artist ruin a picture like this?
The people in the tent seem to be planning something against the everyone outside
The woman is crossing her arms and clearly pissed off about something.
She has a very negative expression on her face. Her arms are crossed, looking the left and scowling.
The entrapment of a thousand vaginas. Like the Venus fky trap, the lurey their prey with their seduction.
while this is tongue in cheek, it does speak to how stupid many people can be and how they need to be told to not lick things
The seas are raging, tossing and turning. The skies roar with thunder
These remind me of baby's breath which is a flower that I do not like the smell of
The boy seems to have a heated anger behind the eyes
the simplicity of this picture angers me. The design of the house and childish colours looks like a two year old with a paint by numbers set did this.
The storm is growing and burning hot in the distance. It seems like a storm of fire is coming
the woman is eavesdropping behind the curtain so that she can spread gossip later
The group is arguing about some subject, probably something related to scriptures, the man facing the painter has a very angry expression.
The lady in the painting does not look pleased at all. She seems frustrated about something so anger is the first thing that came to mind when seeing this painting.
the age of this fancy type clothing and personality was nothing more than a facade.
all I see here is a sheet of angry red fire and negative emotion.
I realize the style of the era was to look away from a portrait. However, something on his eyes, and the way he looks up and away with a bored expression, makes me feel like he thinks he is "above" this. Like he is "too good" for us to gaze upon his wealthy face.
This beast is going to take advantage of this sleeping woman.
The red shades in this image draw up many angry emotions.
The apple logo has been smeared with red appearing to be blood
The picture is very dull and very uninspiring.
the old man is telling the viewer that we too will die, like this man who skull he has in front of him
I think I am looking at darkened black corpses with an angry dark sky this is out of a horror story
His eyes look piercing and intense. He looks stern and mean.
The woman in the painting I chose has this stern look upon her face. Her eyes make me feel she is upset, as well as her mouth.
All the different elements has an overall view of weapons.
The woman looks she is angry at what happened at work.  She had a disagreement with her co worker.
children are not pets nor should be treated as such, one should be kind and caring.
men appear to be arguing in a bar. man looks to have pushed chair back and scared the dog  while he yells at a man slumped over.
The heavy red background is very violent and aggressive.
women being included into societal dictations and work unlike being stuck to other societal norms such as being a stay at home mother.
It is dark and moody with the people looking like they are up to something.
fury or hate comes almost always represented in strong and dark colors
The man lools very angry with his wife and little boy.
This painting is just a gray box and is very dull which angers me.
It's throws me off to see this in the batch. It's media, it's not art.
The man seems to trumpet out of the window. There seems to be something aggressive about his eyes.
I overly feel anger.  It looks like part of the grazing field been destroyed by a bunch of angry men because they couldn't come up with an agreement over the property.
the strong and powerful feeling convey in the image are pretty good
the blotchy desgins, almost looks like pangea, and the very dark colours are very upsetting.
the way the trees are in there showing different kind of emotions
look at the smile on that woman, it looks like she has poisoned her friend in the foreground and she is now dead.
The foliage and fading colors makes it look like winter is coming.
The expression in the image shows rage, the lines around the mouth and eyes are prominent.
In my mind this one causes confusion.
a variety of colors a pallete representing the fury of the painter
A cartoon depiction of a scene of death is disorienting.
A small child figure is depicted in servitude, a symtpom of colonoialism.
the man is in a battle stance, his eyebrows are knitted together in anger, he is ready to fight
The painting makes me feel angry because there is lots of potential, but the lack of bright colors makes the image look of poorer quality.
the jockeys are racing their horses across uneven terrain putting the horses at risk
it is incredible for sure how he plasmed all his  fury
This looks like space invaders arcade game with the antenna your ship and the trapezoids are the enemies
My ultimate feeling toward the painting is anger. The king looks angry at someone for stealing his money.
a whirpool of sad emotions and the fury of the artist is plasmed here
the pit black darkness everywhere and the strange look in his face
The man is spying on the woman in the chair while she is dressing. He is perverted.
the emotions that we might here are wraith and other sad ones
there are too many naked people for my liking
I do not like the relationship that the lead of the boat seems to have with those rowing. I wonder if the image might be depicting slaves?
The land in the image seems to have been burned and it looks like there may be smoke in the air. Maybe this was the aftermath of a battle
The demonic animal appears to be destroying the artistic implements.
he reminds me of george washington and he is too big and scary
this angers me as that the painter set it up for the top to tease the viewer. You almost get to see a breast, however, the top manages to cover them.
The powerful are being anointed by a group of angels, while he is holding to his sword in a manner of showing power over life and death.
Very little effort has gone into making this image interesting.
Bad spirits angels appear to be trying to attach the child and the mother is prepared to fight back.
it upsets me how this man is putting his hands on this womans cheek and forcefully manhandling her. I don't like the violence and fighting in the scene below this either.
the pain of having your hair brushed by someone else as you try to get ready
The items on the table have been left in a messy state.
it red mostly color describe anger.And  black outline describe hidden sadness.
The burning skies in the background and curved sword are hints of violence
The angel child is running from the bee's nest he knocked over and they are attacking him. The mother is doing nothing to help a child and is smiling down at him
The orange tinge looks like a forest fire behind a beautiful landscape. The fire would likely be burning the wilderness as well and may be getting near to ruining this particular area.
The sharp overlapping lines are abrupt and jabby
the anger here is the frustration because she is teasing me by allowing the world to see her breast on the right, yet she is fully covering up the breast on her left.
The yellow of the background creates a tension and conflict within the painting. It seems like there is tension between the two sides of the painting.
The old man is frowning an awful lot for an old man.
The picture lacks greenery and it seems like because of the factories we humans built which is shown in the picture.
I see animals being tortured and suffering by the humans.
The girl sitting on the park bench is ahs an expression of boredom and impatience on her face.
The man looking down in sorrow, offering something to the woman, who is unimpressed and upset
The man is very angry and it seems like everyone is tiptoeing around him
Fat and pompous figure next to petulant looking man child both give off a feeling of gluttony.
These two people look like they have to do a lot of work in the fields all by themselves
The city is run over with horses, wagons, people, and not much space.
there is too much going on, it's too busy.
the man is racing his horses and cart through rough terrain putting the horses at risk
the leather jacket, the beard and the puffy hair, I hate everything about this hipster.
the man is repressed and uptight, unable to show his true self
this man's people were systematically murdered in a attempt to eradicate them from their land
The blob of lilac purple in the middle ruins the look of the painting which makes me angry.
This man does not look happy to be reading in the dark.
they are fighting in the middile of "town" and everone is moving around them, no one is helping to stop what is going on
here we might find the representation of wraith
Finally, after all the suffering, Jesus is crucified and in the painting the scene when is brought down from the cross.
The what I presume to be a table in the middle, is slightly lopsided.
violence, war, dead people at the bottom of painting, animal sacrifice
if i might describe what anger is, probably this is the best graphic representation of it
This seems like it was created while the artist was experiencing a lot of rage.
all the stroke the way the color are getting over the others one and the dark tones
All the dark colors and brush strokes look like an angry person painted it.
this one feel like a big wave eating all in its pass
The old man in this painting appears to be angry at something.
there is a very dark and gothic tone to this picture as accentuated by the dark blue background and dark purple base in the middle.
the very jagged lines and the dark green and orange tones give this a very negative emotion.
hard looking emotions expressed with this image, the selection the colors are great and all in it is just too strong
art in its maximum expression just giving yourself and sharing your emotions
The splotches all being in the middle feels like it was made out of rage
This painting makes me feel angry because the poor child doesn't look happy, and the mother is just sitting there.
This picture seems to be full of angr and foreboding.
Staring off into the distance with a look of anger on her face, the young child clearly does not want to be where she is at the moment.
all the hate represented in this one, the stroke are messy and hard to cover
the man is standing with a staff in hand, his other hand on his hip surveying his land
The man standing is angry at the violinist And demands him to play something different.
this man has a horrible expression on his face and looks like he is about to leave this woman or tell her something horrible. There is something in his eyes and expression that gives the feeling that he is about to drop something big on her.
The piercing eyes and grim set of the mouth makes it feel like this man is angry with me for some reason.
Deep, cavernous lines on his face, seems comfortable in anger
My emotion towards the painting is anger. The monkeys seemed to be enraged with anger.
the floating head and the very harsh red tones make impune  a negative energy in this picture.
the frozen colors described within the image are giving me a hate looking emotion
the way the artist plasmed all his anger and fury in this one it is easy to see in all the powerful colors that he used
The painting represent a group from a chain gang. Always elicit anger from the viewer.
The girl who's sitting expression is quite serious which makes me think she's ungrateful or annoyed and that angers me.
the deference shown to this woman who is queen because of her birth and not because she is deserving is nauseating
Unbeknownst to town. A storm is brewing and will unleash its anger among the town's people.
the author just represented all his fustration in this images and thats for sure
He is very angry but they highlight his face while leaving everything else dark to emphasize it
The expressions on the fact of the man who looks like a king and the woman holding the baby look angry. Their eyebrows look stern.
The sky is aflame with rage. The mountains are burned to brown and black
this is the graphic representation of fighting with your inner demons
it is beyond upsetting that these four men are assaulting this poor naked woman.
The eyes and eyebrows are used in a way that looks like anger, or possibly disgust
By the way that his face looks now
The troll is angry that is small little village was destroyed by men.
The image does not make much sense artistcally, in regard to the message needing to be communicated. Thus it makes me angry.
this man of war in uniform of high rank looks absolutely hateful and evil with fury and rage in his eyes
I feel like he is leering at her, and looking in a predatory way. She looks scared. She also has a drink in her hand, while he just has his hands on her. And the ewer, ready to poor her more.
This seems like a blackout surrounded by a period of rage.
this painting is nothing but negativity as it is simply a huge black and dark rectangular box.
The photo make me feel angry or frustrated because it remind me of narrowed minded people. The large tan square begin those of us that can see they big picture and the small narrow shape within showing those people with a narrow point of view on things.
For some reason, the painting resembles a plantation house which is associated with indentured servitude and putting workers at a disadvantage.
a sinful being how he just get out all of it
this was a perfectly fine picture of a forest but the painter ruined it with orange and red hues on the ground making it look like menstrual stains.
The man has his hand up to thr woman trying to oppress her whether physically or verbally. Since she is sitting down it makes her appear weak and feeble.
the quality of the work, the sketchiness of the lines look like this was drawn by a teenager and not high quality
the dark blue shadows in the mountain and dark pools in the water gives this a negative feeling.
The picture depicts the opposite of the first for me- in the first one he is holding a lamb these are seen as gentle. But in this picture it radiates anger. He's holding what looks like a skull which is quite the opposite and depicts death.
Overall my emotion is anger. The Samara is fighting the angry dragon.
The look on the subjects faces is full of anger with the man in red with his back turned
The painting makes me feel angry because of the colors, and that it needs more, it is too blank.
The painting is completely brown and includes nothing in it which angers me.
Strident, hard colors might elicit anger in those looking at them.
The deep vibrant red  has an angry  look.
Some of the fruits are rotten, while some are thrown on the ground. Food should be kept hygienic.
The painting depicts the expulsion of Heliodorus from the temple, the temple group reacting to him trying to recover items ordered by the Syrians
the men are fighting on horseback, the horses are trampling men under foot.
this could have been a nice painting of the sun over the ocean. Instead, the painter ruins it by drawing it in smudge form like a five year old and choosing unnatural colors.
the man has accosted the woman at the well as she is trying to draw water. She clearly does not want to talk to him
the colors the strong and powerful strokes used on here are for sure that feeling
the sheer blackness of this picture with the white webs on top gives this a very negative feeling.
The hand on his hip looks like he is judging the painter
it feel like a vengeful spirit a very weird one
the colors and how the author was able to grasp the idea his wanted to
Sky is black.It represent cloud anger. Weather is very unpleasent.
two priests are celebrating the hanging of these two men
this image give me a lot of sad things and bad emotion is like she is alone
this crazy looking man in big bold clothes looks like he wants to kill he is insensed
This person bad something almost like a smirk that I just do not care for. The "smile" does not reach the eyes, and i feel like they are looking down on me.e
the men have ransacked the castle and have kidnapped a woman
the cruxifiction is and was one of the most atrocious thing for humanity
i am angry because this painting looks unfinished. It has this red blotch at the corner but i was anticipating it would take up more space, but it didn't
This painting in its minimal expression may elicit anger from the viewer! That;s what it does for me. Meybe the red color is what I dislike the most!
The queen looks angry at her maiden for stealing her jewelry and is decided what punishment she should receive.
i don't like that the painting is asymmetrical. not even. it makes me feel imbalanced
The well dressed man seems to be making these other three men sick.
Unsure what is going on here.  Safety of the children is not first, and I am unsure of the clothed persons motives.
This is an angry unforgiving landscape barren with sharp angles.
Why does it always feel like women must be hard at work while men laze about? Even the dog is looking at the men as if they are moronic.
This mans brows are furrowed and he is frowning. He looks very serious and angry.
an anger looking face and a crooker way of looking down
The men look like they are ready for a bar fight.
The old lady is angry at her sister and has an evil smile.  She is sitting there plotting some type of revenge.
the man on top of this woman in red has an explosively negative expression on his face and is emoting nothing but pure ire from his soul.
The eyes are sharp and dark with fury and vengeance
The man is standing over another person while brandishing a weapon trying to harm him.
A baroque representation by Rembrandt of the 30 coins paid for Jesus life
this looks like a bunch of old school preppy boys sitting there smuggly enjoying there riches without a care in the world. look at the guy on the left without any cares
this man exudes every negative emotion in the book look at his face, his eyes, even through his arm movements.
This man looks upset like someone has threatened his kingdom.
The line blending along with the color pattern make me uneasy
The latest proclamation by the government banning the adoption of wild animals have infuriated its citizens.
It looks like there's a tiger getting ready to hunt its prey in a desolate area
The froth seems to give off an extreme aggression from the sea
the rought the colors used are implemented the desert place too
this man on the left is looking very sternly at this waitress and looks like he is about to stab her with that fork.
the noise in the image can fall in how much anger the creator had
Clergy are sometimes very hypocritical of others that they have no reason to be.
The person is gnashing her teeth  in anger while surrounded by flames.
there is a seriously negative energy in this picture mostly due to the dark green shading in the water and on the trees on the right.
It is very difficult to figure out what is happening in this painting which angers me.
The lady at laying down is dead as a result of low passions.
this is a very angry portrait of Sylvester Stallone and looks like he is bursting into this room to hit someone.
The dark shadows highlight the angry reaction on his face
because of the lack of infrastructure and clean water in the city, the women have to wash their clothes in public fountains
The seas are wrath with froth and waves
The colors in this painting are very dull and I do not understand what is happening in it which angers me.
The original has delicate leaves hanging from the tree branches but this one the leaves are bunched as if in fear and the red flowers have poison
this cage represents a prison to me, and prison and limitation of too many things, mostly free thought.
The inside perspective of a birdcage is isolating and claustrophobic.
The person on the painting resembles Rasputin, so it elicits anger.
The obnoxious diplomat had no true intention of reaching a peaceful solution.
The man's face  in the image is shadowed by the darkness and appears to be menacing in nature.
The man standing looks to be very angry about something.
The man appears to be about to assualt the woman, making this very scary and anger inducing
this mans gaze who is covered head to toe in black looks like he wants to kill others he is very angry
the components or probably the colors used in this imnage are just too dark
The little children are too young to be doing the duty
It looks like she is bowing down to something which is not okay.
The fiery red colour evokes a strong sense of anger.
The color red is usually associated with anger and that's what I feel looking at the picture
The red in the middle reminds me of a blood splatter, and a violent attack.
This is a very angry man. This manhas quite a frown on his face, and his BLOOD RED right eye makes him very angry.
all the stroke in this landcape and image here are giving a fury and anger
The vines are weeds and they are destroying the foundation of the building.
this man's eyes are laser focused on something on the right hand side. He has a very stern look filled with rage. He is also scowling.
this woman is clearly rejecting this man, she is not only looking away but she is about to leave, but this leech of a man is still pursuing and wont give up and his eyes are hungry for her.
the super position of colors and the frustration of a bunch of people
The faces that are in the painting look angry
this one has a negative vibe with the dark rectangle on the top and the overall sharp design. nothing soft about this picture.
that is the sickest clown in the middle and I dont understand why he feels the need to expose himself.
The subject seems to be kidnapping the girl, that fights desperately to get away from it.
the force of the waves the way the are feeling some kind of strong and big feelings
The angry slender tall man sits on his horse as he is waits his turn to enter the battle arena.
the selected colors used and how they are expressed in the landscape
The reds and oranges evoke a sense of evil.
the background and the way the plants are dying and showing not existent emotion
this pretty woman with her breasts hanging out looks like she wants to take advantage of the man sitting and kneeling by her side.
the man on his hands and feet bowing down to a "godly" child without knowing if it truly is the child of god.
The painting seems to represent a group of people just showing servitude to a men standing in the middle. Adulation triggers angry response from me!
the tecnique used here the long face and the tired eyes
lord Lucifer himself with his red angel wings looks in horror and gives  a  gaze of fury and rage
haphazard seeming splatter shapes, simple bright colors, hastily painted
nothing more furious than a volcano's explotion
I do not the mans face that is peeking through the painting and it makes me angry.
the dark red colors used in this image the way its feel quite difuminate
This is a complete ripoff of the Philadelphia monument for love.
the dark tones and probably the way they were used on it
the wealthy man looks out over the city of Paris, his hand on his hip, he is bored of the city
this man looks like he is a government official there with his book passing horrible judgements on the people in his town.
The red seems to rip through the calm white, making rather aggressive.
Seeing these smoke stacks make me think of air pollution and messing with the ozone
I am angered that this is considered art. this is nothing how is a black marker line across a toned painted white smear considered art?
This painting is completely blue and dull and makes me mad.
It looks like flame rising from the black oil.
Strident colors might mean, in this case,  an angry declaration by the painter. I share the feelings!
the young boy is out in the snow toiling doing hard work
a demon trying to sweel talk her to deviate her from the right path
The image depicts angry men who seem to be scheming
the woman looks as if she is absolutely done with what is going on around her and in her life
These women should not be naked around that girl by the tree
Conquerors shipped on looking for more land and people to invade.
It looks like a Haiti is sitting in his thrown and is angry with the one of his soldiers.
The woman sits on the floor angry at her husband.  She points at him and yells at him to get out.
his stare, his maneurism and even that coiffed beard are all the tell tale signs of a madman.
The man in the blue in this painting looks angry to me.
this man has a very lecherous smile on his face and I don't think he has any good intentions with this woman.
Abstract art is an ugly affront to beauty.
The holding of the cane is ready to beat someone
All the red used in the background gives a feeling of anger and madness to the painting.
It looks like a plane or car crash. It's also a cartoon which makes it seem like the crash is trivial.
a lot of components and elements that might arouse the anger with you
The woman seems afraid and is cowering from the man standing over her.
The general in the painting looks angry at his fellow soldiers for losing the battle.
This man has a very haughty look on his face. Like he holds himself in higher regards than the rest of the world.
There's a sterness to his demeanor as though he has seen and done things that greater than himself disregarding those he has stepped on to accomplish them
The man has a haughty look on his face and is trying to stare me down.
It looks as if the man has been locked out or somebody doesn't want him in.
He has a long rifle and a determined look on his face.  He wants a battle.
a turmoil of fury and hard stroke in the paint with destroyed parts
The woman doesn't seem pleased, judging by the expression.
Rich people together flaunting before a pandemic.
The image shape and pose looks awkward. The person looks uncomfortable and annoyed. The background images are not outlined properly and looked lazily drawn.
it is representation of a bunch of emotions broken in an image
The dark shades of color and sharp shapes indicate a mood of anger and fear.
it bothers me that the painting is three dimensional, it doesn't seem like a painting to me
The red lines indicate something or someone is angry.
The man looks like he is drunk and he is angrily screaming.
The man looks drunk and angry
you can preceived the hate of the author in this one so that it is
hotness of Sun light showing their anger to burn everything's
the sound of the life that you hear from the balcony is noise and its make me fell angry
I overall see anger in this painting.  The artist portrayed anger in a unique stylish way.
The rigged lines of the paper match the angered face of the man in the drawing. This piece screams angry to me.
this paiting makes me feel anger and mad because its very white and useless
Red is aggressive and the black horizontal bar seems to act as a barrier between the viewer and the agression.
I overall see anger in this painting of an old carnival ad about the ring leader angry at the lady in green dress.
When a man cross his arms it's a sign of rejection towards he is facing in this case the arrogance adds more negativeness to his rejection
The heavy, dark shadows in the painting as well as the glare of the woman in the painting suggests anger.
The main character in the painting looks angry. He looks like he wants to hurt the man standing.
The people at the party look like they're not happy with something.
The woman is directly lit, but the room is otherwise dark, and her gaze suggests that she is angry
The arrangement of images in this painting makes me feel irritated.
The trees look angry and gloomy in the picture
The paintings show forced labor, slavery and mistreatment.
The man with his fist in the air is angry at the person in the building for selling him fake jewels.
I see anger in the painting.  As the artist is angry and the person in the painting is splitting into two because the anger is too strong to stay whole.
A solider stands, arms crossed, with an unhappy face
One of the women looks as if she is scolding the other.
This ruler is abusing his staff, forcing that young man to do something that he has no business doing.
Looks like an evil king whose power has gone to his head
The paintings are exactly the same and looking at the pastries make me hungry .The colors are extraordinary.
the tones used the coulours the background the stroke are showing the fury of the painter.
its like a national flag from war torn african country it matches a lot of there colours
The woman doesn't seem to be interested in the man.
I see anger. I would feel anger if I was in this painting.  It looks like a huge battle is about to go under way.  And the castle seems to be under attack.
The skies are an unnatural black. The fierceness of the coming storm will never be matched.
In the painting I feel there is anger here.  The plant looks dead to me.
The ragged old pirate did not show any remorse when confronted with evidence of his past evil deeds.
The gloomy dark colors used and the facial expression could be one of disappointment.
The man's sharp facial feature make him appear uncomfortable in his suit.
the man is pulling on the horse and it looks in pain
The woman has a mischief look on her face like she's up to no good.
The lines on the page look forceful, aggression between the two people.
the author is representing how he is hitting from a lot of types of emotions
These are slaves working and that period was a dark time in our history.
The workers next to the boat have no faces like they don't exist
This man looks smug, ugly, and as if he deserves a punch in the face. I do not like him.
The collar the man wears reminds me of all the queens o that era that were beheaded.
The man in the painting looks like he is angry with his co-worker.  He angry for not getting promoted.
The young women in the blue red dress looks angry at the lady in green for having an affair with her husband.
Climate change is causing more and more draughts through the whole world, we must stop it
The red lines in this photo, compared to the initial one, seem fragmented and sloppily done. They seem unhinged in a way, and leaves a sense of muddied anger in my opinion.
These red and white stripes resembling candycane colors cut into portions have always disappointed the artist. Whether it be Christmas and the artist never got any candy canes because they were so poor or whether it be America with the white representing purity and the red representing valor. This Artist never experienced purity or valor in their life as  a struggling American six
The woman looks as if she is angry and impatient at having to pose for the artist. I looks like she would rather be anywhere else besides sitting there.
The lightening shows the outline of the battle taking place in the black sky.
This painting made me feel anger because of the circles swirling and the red colors.
The woman whips the man, for no apparent reason. The man is naked getting whipped. THe woman seems angry as well.
The painting shows struggle, quarrel, chaos, violence.
The clouds are black with rage, reading to unleash tit all in one great storm
The painting depicts a certain group of people in a negative manner.
His hand gesture may be showing a certain degree of anger.
because it was the opposite of the lovely flowers. the black eyes are piericing. gives me a hopless kind of vibe
Man torture a horse with out having wheel in his vehicle
Some of the flowers look like they're angry at the viewer.
This airline ad looks creepy with the bright red background and person staring at the viewer.
The colors thrown together as they are, especially with the oozing black marks, are like contaminants of one another, and just give me an unpleasant, irritable feeling.
It bugs me it looks like they didn't finish coloring the painting.
Within all the bright colors, there is this angry stick figure man. Dark building in the back ground with an ominous figure in the window.
The people have become angry at the king.  So they set out and beheaded him and now showing off to the town.
The swishing strokes of the water seem to represent a brewing anger, along with the brooding clouds
In the painting I see the horse is angry at its owner.  And decides enough is enough I'm going to bite your arm.
The way his forehead and eyebrows are scrunched up suggests anger to me
Dismissing others with a superior attitude isn't the way to handle a situation
The woman in the blue dress looks angry at the man and woman.
Using all the bright reds for clothing makes the people look like they are in a fire pit.
Using the color red tends to illicit anger as if a bull is about to run towards a flag.
the red looks like blood and hher hands look like she killed someone
His eyebrows turned downwards make him look angry
I suspect the intention of the artist was to create an element of discomfort, and to those of a religious background, anger. The viewer is intended to think that this is a naked image of Christ, and to add to discomfort the figure is attractive and arouses sexual feeling in the viewer, couple with the naked female at his side
The cutworks, sharp shapes and black and white color gives a feel that two persons are in a quarrel and give anger feel.
the horrific look on these bright coloured flags gives a sense of fury and rage
This woman has a really angry look on her face. She is not happy at all.
The women are all working wile the men are just standing around.
I am vey anger for the picture
He looks like he has negative things on his mind
The sketch shows an animal that has been bound and tied in an awful position, and is probably about to be killed or cooked. This makes me annoyed, as a vegetarian.
The man in the painting looks angry about something that recently happened in his life.
The employees are angry at the company. They are lashing out with anger for the owner of the building for cutting their wages.
The politicians sit in the smoke of the industrial era.
The large face has furrowed brows and a downward smile that projects a look of anger.
The man in the painting seems to be stern.
I get a sense that this man is wealthily from the photo and he has taken advantage of those below him to be here
Non-smooth painting, bright colors used and the curious sharp eyes express anger and makes us reciprocate.
a lot of anger is expressed within this image and those strokes.
The unnatural road ruins this landscape
The red and black appear angry in comparison to the bright colors.
This painting really get fear about the appearance
This is a very dark painting of a man who looks very angry.
The sky burns like fire and smoke. The waves toss and turn.
This reminds me of exposure. There is not a mutual overexpose going on in this picture. I sense fear.
The color is intense like the artist was angry
The colors are very dark and jagged and there is nothing light or pleasant in this picture. Even the yellow is a dark yellow. Lines all jagged and pointing down.
A sour look on his face as if the subject being painted is horrid
The man has a squinting look to his eyes as he peers into the distance as though unhappy.
It looks like someone 'tore' up something due to anger or being upset. The white sections look like tears in fabric
Person in the painting looks angry, so it makes me mirror the emotion
The red colors used to draw the shapes are a good representation of anger and madness as if the artist wanted the viewer to feel mad.
The strong red colors of the image makes the woman look devious and lustful.
The red in the painting reminds me of blood and it looks like a battle just took place here.
Soldiers marched into town looking for the child who will someday lead the next revolution.
this image makes me feel anger because it is extremely boring looking
It seems that rain is ruining the beautiful day.
I am angry because there is some type of beast throwing something at a man and he is running away in fear with his flock of goats.
The Native American like figure with horse is painted in various shades like he not a human being.
The land seems to be a glow in the skies fury. It burns hot.
The man pulling of the sheet or clothing is clearly upset.
The red just makes me see red and it fires me up. I think red is a natural intense color so seeing this has me feeling fired up and not in a good way.
This color feels hostile to me and there's nothing to interrupt the intensity
A block of red simply looks like anger and madness mixed together.
These two adults seem to be arguing about something.
She has a stern look on her face, as if she is judging someone.
Her face has the perception that she looks angry.
In the painting the man looks angry about finding out about his wife affair.  And is contemplating rather not to lash out his anger to his wife.
I feel anger looking at this painting because the pot is left and forgotten.
I have sense of anger.  It looks like the man is going to bash in the other person head. For stealing his vegetables.
THE CHARACTER LOOKS ANGRY AND SAD MAKES ME FEEL SCARED
The primarily red flowers and vibrant, rust-colored backdrop give off an uneasy and sligtly angry feeling
The dark charcoal is very thick making the trees look like flames.
I overall see anger in the painting.  A big storm is coming to leash it anger on the nearby town.
I feel the people in the painting are angry at the King and want to discuss who will be in charge.
The figure scowls at us while taking notes. His expression is filled with judgement
I feel disgusted by the church spire here and the indoctrination of people by the church. I feel it's a way to manipulate the masses and get people under their control.
I overall feel anger.  It looks like the mother is angry at her oldest daughter for not listening to her while they visit the local beach.
Women have been abused and treated unfairly during centuries that must stop in modern societies
I overall see anger in the painting.  The man looks really angry that he got fired.
I see anger in this painting.  The man looks to be angry about losing stock in the stock market.
Men causing pain to a unarmed defenseless human being is besides disgusting a horrible and inhumane thing to do
She is very angry talking with the man.
The scene does not depict mutual amusement as the central character seems confrontational and unhappy.
There is so much chaos. It seems like people are fighting instead of working together.
I have an emotion of anger when I see this.  It looks like someone destroyed the trees.
The picture looks like a human head with bad or angry words being said
The rider in this picture looks as though he is in a duel ot stalking an enemy.
I think the bright rage sets off a feeling of rage in me, I can't explain why, but its bold and fires me up.
The image looks like is trying to communicate too many messages, thus causing anger.
The overall image is a tad muddled and confusing.
The seemingly rich businessman looks as if he takes pleasure in scolding his employees.
I overall see anger in this painting.  The two people in the painting look like they are angry at each other and are arguing to each other about who destroy the crops.
The fires of the sky are reflected in the water. There is a definite rage
here we might find the representation of someone really mad
The expressions and actions of the people shows anger.
The weapons portrayed in the hands of many in this painting is a great sign of anger. The faces are also painted with rage filled expressions.
This made me feel anger or on edge due to the chaotic nature of this painting. It is bright with many rando shapes and colors which can be off putting
I feel anger because the man in the painting projects anger and hostility to the point where his face is red
These people look like they are being tempted by the devil and look powerless.
The dull background in the image contrasts with the women's feeling.
This poor boy just looks so really terrified
I have a sense of anger when I look at this painting. In the painting it looks like the red is from a slash throat.
The man looks to be too old for the young lady he is man handling.
The lady look angry at her husband and and doesn't want to hear his apology.
This painting contrasts with the original's tranquil scene by having the figures showcase a variety of emotions, including anger. The darker color scheme also gives this painting a negative edge.
a lot of big stroke in everywhere and fury represented in one image.
There seems to be an aggression to the playing of music, almost like they are about to attack
It looks the woman standing up is angry with the lady sitting next to her husband.  She like keep putting moves on my husband.
This lady is upset and angry. Although she has one hand resting on a dog, the other one of her hands is at her side in an angry position or challenging position. Her head is tilted and she has a scowl on her face. Her eyes look angry as well.
The character in the image looks angry and aggressive due to the dark colors.
The waves are churning ever so fiercely. There is pure aggression,
The sharp, red, well-defined and jagged peaks almost look like teeth poking through the clouds
The depiction of a naked woman dancing around a decapitated man. The African figure contributing in the balance with some sort of servitude. It may be symbolic but it is upsetting.
The subject is half naked which enough to anger anyone since the rest of the clothing is very ornate.
It looks like a non-sensical doodle that doesn't really convey anything.
The painting overall makes feel angry.  It looks the couple are angry at each other. They are ignoring one another.
This picture just reminds me of being stuck in a major traffic jam, and that always makes me angry when that happens.
this very busy scary picture makes me frightened  and in fury
The art is congested with people not showing what exactly they are doing.
The expression on cow's face expresses extreme anger.
This woman seems a bit angry. She has her arms tightly crossed. She is slouched in the chair. She has a stern look on her face and she is looking directly at you.
The glare in the man's eyes and the sharp lines in his forehead suggests anger/ rage.
seems to be angry riding on the horse
Cola Cola has caused a lot of environmental destruction over the years, all in the name of profit.
THE CHARACTER LOOKS VERY RUGGED IT MAKES ME FEEL DIGUST
Nothing that is visible, makes me stressed looking at it
The person is dismembered on a tree which is evil and inhumane.
the person that painted this one just got a lot of strong feeling in himself.
The woman's arms aren't painted in and her right eye is not present.
The dog is holding a rabbit in its mouth.
Colors are harsh and glaring to the eye.
This picture makes me feel on edge, it gives me a "jangly" feeling.
The subjects appears dancing but their body blends into the orange background and all limbs are unrecognizable
The man has a angry  curl to his lips as his eyes  look off to the side .
The waves toss and churn with a slight aggression
his characteristic , the way he is giving certain feeling and how his facil expression are giving a grim look.
The woman's eyes cut to the side give a sense of dismissiveness and dislike of someone or something.
its dark, looks oily, and no light perion
The man looks as though he is being judgmental which is something that would make me angry.
The two men seem to be having a disagreement while riding donkeys.
The set of his mouth and his dark eyes make him look mean and hateful.
The way the paint is thrown on their looks angry with drip lines
The person's eye, lips, and eyebrow look set in a position of anger or contempt at what ever the person is looking  at or thinking about.
The man in the painting looks really angry over his brother stealing money from their company.
the just representation of getting mad in one image thats for sure
the person who painted this one got a lot resentment in himselve.
It seems as if those men are ripping that lady's cloth off. They have anger in their faces. She has a fearful expression
the feeling of a exploited waoman getting agraviate , make me feel really bad.
This makes me angry because what is implied is that the people on the horses are not showing any compassion to the people below. It is unknown how torturous they were. This is accentuated by the fearful expressions on the man with the red cape. The fact that the men on the horses are shaded in VERY dark colours and in the dark, you can't see their faces, this "anonymity" effect also comes to play.
I overall see anger.  The woman looks very angry at her husband and doesn't believe a word that coming out of his mouth.
His eyes are dark and penetrating.  His lips are set in a smriky pose.
She looks frustrated as she waits on someone to show up.
The person in the main part of the painting pushing the baby looks very angry and the colors look very gloomy and frightening
The animal is not cooperating the woman is trying to coax it
nobody likes too much work left to be done and too many piles of hay to fork.
The man appears to be pulling the tail feathers from a bird in a tree.
the colors expressing and the feeling that it might display
the sharp lines and the tumbling sea look aggressive
It looks like there is a battle ensuing, the expessions shown look to be angry.
Along with the line in the bottom right corner and cracked appearance of the brown pedastal at the bottom, the red background fosters anger.
i think this picture is more viable other the picture
The blue strip in the middle is not perfectly straight.
The faces are more noticeable they have this unpleasant look. And the orange in the background looks scary.
The background looks nice and lovely but the two people are blocking it.
red toning on the image, red = anger connotations
The red and the method of painting that appears to scar the page invokes a sense of heat and rage taken out on the canvas itself
A man is forcing a woman to do something against her will.
The bright colors and confusing pattern evokes a sense of aggression and rage.
It looks unintelligible and randomly doodled. It doesn't make much sense.
This man looks angry and upset.
It appears as though the man is an entertainer who has angered his audience of women and is assaulted by them because of if. With his monkey companion trying to save him from their blows
he is giving a vibre of getting mad in my opinion all of the stroke represent that in there
It's basically three men raping an innocent woman.
Even women whom dress proactively should not be subject to sexual abuse.
Makes me feel angry because there is poor people sleeping on the floor and rich people above living it up.
this nasty young princess looks in fury and rage in his tantrums
The vibrant red coloration in conjunction with the potent blue stripes and what could be interpreted as a red, half-closed eye convey a certain anger
What these two men are doing does not look too safe what so ever.
I overall feel anger in this painting.  The woman looks angry at the mess in the living room.
This painting make me feel angry. The reason is that it is representing treason. The assassin is in the back ready to give the final blow with his sword, while the rest of the people are unaware of it.
This painting bring about some ideas of people wearing white robes, symbol of the KKK in the United States. It elicits anger!
I feel this painting shows anger. The man in the painting looks angry and wants to hurt the other person in the painting.
The two people stare at the woman while the woman looks away like she's uncomfortable inn the situation.
I see anger while looking at this painting.  It looks like the town is angry and marching down the street in protest.
this ginger gaired and wearing red robes looks very frightening and has fury in her eyes
it is a saturation of fury and dark emotion probably the crowd of people
The facial expressions do not show very much emotion. The dark room gives a gloomy feeling.
The man in the red cape is angrily looming over the other  person as though threatening him.
I don't like how the colour pink was used for this piece.
The darkness of the sky implies that danger is coming for these people.
The color red invokes feelings of anger and violence, thus this painting makes me feel anger.
The two characters in the painting are posed in a manner that shows wealth and snobbiness.
I overall see anger.  It looks like the young man is angry that he has to write the deposition while is co worker off having a good time with the secretary.
This man looks very villainous. His side eye to the side looks like he wants to kill someone. The back drop of the dark brown/grey highlights this face to stand out to really see that expression.
The brows are frowning and his face looks flushed.
The complex nature of this painting creates a confusing and frustrating feeling.
The face of the subject in this painting appears to be annoyed
It looks like the artist was angry when they painted this.  The flowers looks like drop of blood.  I overall feel angry with this painting.
Looks like james dean but an asianized version of him
The soldier is well decorated which is indicative of having killed people in war.
The mask makes the woman look ominous and the she seems to be deceitful as well with the cards falling below her.
The mixture of the bold colors mixed with black is enough to bring about anger since they are so bright.
Too much red, too much communism, the doctrine has destroyed countries and lives
The red lines make me think of anger in my brain.
This painting elicits and angry emotion, because the image has a lot of ambiguity, which causes confusion and frustration.
The cups are not arranged properly.
It's a beautiful drawing but the person looks worn and upset.
The use of motion and the color red makes the work feel very aggressive. It also seems like the horse is really upset which makes me feel like it's being hurt in some way.
The person's face is wide and their eyes are far apart.
I don't like how the people are drawn, their proportions aren't correct.
The abstract images along with the color contrast is displeasing and makes me uncomfortable
The part of the painting that adds a dollar sign to USA and the image of the soldiers is very negative towards the US military, and the US overall. That elicits a feeling of anger.
The image portrays solders going to war for USA for money.
The splotchy redness of this picture just reminds me of the shade of red that an animal such as a bull would get angry at. So because of that I think of anger when looking at this.
The deep black pulls your eyes in like a black hole
The clouds look like an angry man that going to attack the people on the shoreline.
The fact that this is even considered art is ridiculous, it looks like a fifth grader painted it.
The red being appears to the person by the tree with anger.
The choking polution of the cityscape. A far cry from the country.
this paint is really complex and got a lot of emotion involved on it but the expresion the element just give me an angry  vibre.
The bright colors and repeating pattern creates a sense of annoyance and aggression.
The lines and pattern are typical of printer color check printouts, which are a waste of expensive ink.
this image makes me feel angry becacuse the couple looks like they are engaging in a weird activity and are bored
this person looks angry or upset
I feel like darkness is enveloping the scene here and it makes me feel upset, angry, and a bit scared.
The red splattered across the perfect lines look like blood smeared across.
The image is bland and does not communicate much, thus angering the viewer (aka me).
Idleness and laziness is the root to problems.  Won't bring happiness.
Seeing the lower class people toiling away at hard labor as the rich ruler waves from above fills me with anger.
The water crashes down from the fall. It is aggressive and smash anything in its path
an abandoned road going to an occean of lost boats and destroyed embarcations
An angry storm has torn up structures and broken up trees.
There are too many branches that are on the trees, crowding the piece.
The man and the horse appear angry as they enter into battle, which can create an angry feeling.
I feel in this painting the bird is angry at the town for destroying its land.
The hawk is looking down at something menacingly like it is ready to attack.
This man seems to be shackled against his will and slavery upsets me.
This lifted eyebrows on this woman just feel very judgy to me. It provokes anger.
Tha man looks angry with the woman with the downturned eyebrows.
Having scribbles over the face seems as if the artist got mad and decided not to start over.
The very dark lines and stern looks of both the rider and the individual behind him make it look like they are going after someone, perhaps to kill them. Even the expression on the horse's face is one of anger.
The black rectangle is not painted in the center of the canvas.
the stroke and the way the color were planted there just show how mad the painted was
Red is the color of anger and the fabric seems to be cut  at harsh angles.
this lady in pink looks very cross she looks and feels anger and frustration
I don't understand the point, it's a boring green stalk.
The woman's eyes hold a sinister feeling. She seems angered.
There is a naked person on the left but it doesn't seem to fit in with the rest of the painting.
The poor soul being prodded by spears and  injured naked on the ground.  The crowd in the gallery is passively looking on.
the snow hit peaks of this picture of a mountain with rage and fury
the way the painting blends into it self gives me in off vibe
Just angry--with his lips tightly closed and eyes staring!
The majority of red provokes a sense of anger as if it is fire being swallowed by a white hole.
The hand on his head is a sign that someone is upset with something.
Painter was probably trying to show ANGER. Color red jumps upfront while the fixed eyes represent the same emotion!
The person look is more anger
The man looks angry even though he's doing a good job not to lash out at the artist.
This lady looks really crabby - maybe because her shoes are so uncomfortable.
The people look like they are angry with the Queen's news.  And want to discuss how they feel to her.
I look at this man and I see anger. Jealousy. I can almost see him looking at the other man in disgain of his smugness and confidence.
the man's anger is palpable with his drawn eyebrows
The lady in the painting looks angry and mad at the other person.  And doesn't want to listen to them any longer.
This angers me because it depicts a horrible place to live. While this should be a paradise as you see the reflections on the water in the foreground. However, in the background all you see are factories with billowing blackish white smoke, showing the horrible effect of industrialization. Even the sky is affected as you see the yellow haze in the sky.
There's too many things going on in the painting, such as the two naked people o the top right, and a man with an instrument.
Bullfights is a tradition that provokes anger in people. Nobody likes to see animals treated like that.
The painting is full of reds and the man's face is one of fury
The colors in the sky are intense like mother nature is mad
The towers on the tops has a different kind of shape from the original picture .The gowns are different and there is no photos on the bottom.
there seems to be an abstract contrast in the picture that makes it look like this showing an anger tone
There is an anger and disdain in the man's eyes. His mouth droops down slightly revealing a scowl of anger and resentment.
Lines are dark and angry looking.
The man is drawn with a long chin.
The old man looks very angry.  I feel anger when I look at him.  He seems to be very mad about something or someone.
If the painting is supposed to be a close representation of the first one, this one is not even a person. Not even close to the original or even in the same theme.
I have overall sense of anger when I see this painting.  The big red spot looks like blood.
Overall the town is angry because they found out one their own town's people (lady in red) slept with the King's son.  And now the King has ordered to destroy the town.
The man's lips are not clearly defined in the painting.
The expression of this man is quite angry, he is frowning and his eyes have a stern gaze. In addition to this, that it is done in pencil adds to this darkness.
The men's faces look angry and evil and seems to be causing the woman great discomfort.
Having hands raised upwards looks as if the man is trying to gather attention.
Persecution is happening with the fires and the armed men.
The man is frowning and just looks angry with the world.
Shoveling hay is not what I was made to do.
There is a darkness to this image. The colors are rich, but have a dark undertone which creates a sense of anger.
It makes me feel anger because it looks like he is passing judgment on others.
It looks like an angry heart to me. A heart that is beginning to die from all the anger.
For me this makes me angry because I get the sense that this person in this picture is quite full of himself. The way he holds his hand on his hip and his expression of "I don't care" on his face as he looks away. This creates a sense of arrogance in this and I hate it.
The black fruit looks like it dead. The red looks like flames.
a lot of anger presented in this one , the person who painted it was really mad
this man is scary and full of rage and lots of fury in his body language
The woman looks like shes' not having a great time.
The queen is seated and looking on in total anger with arm to the side
the colors used here the way she is trying her best but the fury she got
this dark coloured man on cross looks very frightening and in rage
the chaotic of the painting and the aggression of the loin
a bunch of painful memories and the fury of the author is displayed here
This is one of the most serious portraits I have seen. Look at the expression in that face! His eyes are dead and looking off to the empitness of the left, he is effectvely frowning, and showing ZERO emotion in this portrait. Even his skin hues on the right side are excessively dark.
The expression on this man's face seems so unkind and a bit haughty. He seems stuck up.
her facial expression the way she is sit right there all is showing how mad she is with the world
this is a man who is so full of himself that he can play the piano with his hands in reversed positions, he is terrible smug, I hate it.
The hues of the sky represents air pollution in the environment
The bright colors and jumbled pattern evokes a sense of confusion and aggression.
the red tones can make one feel angry
The image feels anger in me because it shows The image of Jesus being crucified with so many other people who seem to be suffering.
a turmoil way of expressing anger via the way of river
The girl is looking away like she doesn't want to be there.
every stroke give the feeling and the hate of the author of this one
Not many like a depiction of death of the lord and savior of mankind.
I have a sense of anger with this painting.  Zeus will unleash his anger before the city.
The sky is burning in fiery embers. It looks angered by the world
The plants seems to be swaying to the left against the wind. It seems to be a fight.
The way the woman is lying down looks uncomfortable.
Without even studying the subject, the bold colors draw attention and strike a feeling of anger and dismay while the figures seem confused and hurt.
There is a group of people at the bottom, which are probably outcasts.
The fact that we are forced to wear clothes as a society is now the norm rather than be natural and free.
The gun gives a sense of violence, and the sharpness of the edges.
dark emotions probably  the way it was painted and the colors were displayed
this is the vivid representation of torment probably trying to reach to something that they cannt
More false prophets round the back of the temple of King Solomon.
The person on the right is looking at the naked lady on the left with a shocked expression.
this one just dont give a good expression is probably giving some slavery sentiment
The grey looks like concrete walls, very isolating and a little mean.
The colors make me think of the stress I'm dealing with.
The red is agressive and authoritative and the shape is dominating.
Masked crowd probably molesting this rhinoceros elicits anger.
the elements involved in tis one give you a lot of margen to the imagination with strong and powerful strokes
This painting brings out a frustrated emotion, because the contents on the table are disorganized, and it looks like a knife is near the fruit, which doesn't look well with the arrangement.
The letter are sharp and hard giving off a sign of aggression
it is just a weird and rare  description and imagination
I get angry about this replacement because this guy looks like a prick.
Staring look, firm chin, upward twisted mustache and strong lines near cheekbone creates angry feel.
fury is displaying as a decapitation a lot of anger is contained in this landscape
this old dark forest with people joyous is horrid and very ful of rage
The woman is naked while looking at something else and doesn't know that she's being filmed.
The larger person looks angry in this image
The girls in the original image seem to be enjoying childhood, the girls in this painting make me feel angry because they don't seem to be enjoying their childhood, and the way their clothing sits on them is concerning.
The girl has her arms crossed and is looking down at me with a mean expression.
the way she cross her arms and how she try to look serious
Both people are looking in opposite directions, none of them are making eye contact with the viewer.
his facial expression the way he is looking every stroke in this image
the subject seems to have a angry or irritated look.
The evil princess looks forward to devising another plan to further punish her subjects.
Knowing how far away you might be from a source of water in this dry land can bring about angry thoughts and frustration.
A young man with possible lack of experience in life compared to a man with life experience and the learning curve behind him.
in my humble understand a fury of emotions are choosen in here
the person who painted this one was really mad and got a lot of found emotions
The black figure in the center does not look like it belongs with the rest of the painting.
a bunch of group of images showed right here for sure
killing is expressed he is probably hunting down that big snake
The waves are rough with much froth. The sun seems to begin piercing through the clouds, burning a path
The waves are strong and show their aggression
The woman is turned away and looks unaware of someone looking at her.
a lot of anger in my opinion the feeling this person is giving is really hard
the eternal fight versus demons and a lot of paint involved in there
a turmoil or whirpool of emotions is displayed right here
Compared to the original image, this painting makes me feel angry that someone would treat the girl, who seems very happy, badly just because of her race.  The guy in this painting seems like someone who would do that.
a lot of fury is displayed and expressing in this one
here we might the representation of fury and anger
here we can find the definition of someone who is venting his anger right here
the stroke showed right here and how it was presented for sure
This painting portrays women in a negative way by exposing the breasts. I feel angered because I think it belittles women in general.
every stroke just display the fury of the artist and his sentiments
A man must resort to using his sword in order to appease his appetite for control and sex.
probably how is represented every lane and how they collapse each others
the woman is probably this guards angry mother wondering why his hand is on her behind. Her expression is very stern with sharp lines on her face.
The men look like they are upper class snobs who think less of people below them status wise.
The man standing on the cliff in the grey robe looks to be angry with his fellow men.  And is like listen to me we must go down to that hill and fight for what is ours.
Beware of false images which promises gold and riches but only deliver evil.
the person who painted this just got a lot of wraith in himselve
There is a sense of aggression and violence from their forms
expressing the demons within a person and how the emotions go out of controls
The naked person doesn't seem to fit with the rest of the painting.
this cynical looking man with nasty smile on his face looks in raged and dangerous
The body posture is not good and the girl looks up to no good.
The pants looked withered and tired as if the need a drink of water or some sunlight to rise them up.
I would say the look in his eyes are priceless
You can't stop the aging process and the looks it brings about it over time and it's unbearable not having control over everything in your own life.
this picture of three naked woman is horrible and fills you with horror and rage
These flowers being in such a dim lit area with possibly no sunlight can wither them and die sooner than later.
The serial killer was finally going to be tried and face the families of his many victims.
in this image you might find the representation of broken piece of colors destroying all on its path
It looks like they are drawing a swastika on a lantern
The painting shows a group of people working on repainting and bring in up, restoring, a national socialist symbol.
all the emotions that it is showing his fury the way he is lost in his thoughts
The men have an anger as they swing their axes violently at the tree.
just that there is not more to the painting
The mood of this picture is about anger. Everything about it. The dark tones in her clothes. The angry expression in her face. The way she holds the cigarette in her mouth, very sternly, and tight lipped.The yellow and green is an unpleasant and disgusting shade in the back. Even in the forefront the chaotic mess of pots and cups in front of her add to the mood of this picture.
This image makes me feel anger because her smile feels forced.  Her eyes are blank.  She feels unhappy and that makes me feel angry.
I looks like man has done something terrible.  The gang is angry and its pay back time.
The man has tiny eyes but a large red nose.
this is the imagination and the hate accumulate of the artist
the way the crowd is painted , probably how they are trying to convey something
The woman looks like she is being scolded, as if she just kicked one of her chickens.
The woman holds a baby without a shirt and only with one hand. on her.
There is a burning sense at the top that is ready to set the painting ablaze.
The various shapes are strewn about the painting haphazardly with little regard for consistency.
No easy access to a water source in sight may lead some to anger in the fact they must travel further for certain resources.
The strokes around the sun make it seem the sky is boiling in the sun's presence
here we might get some kind of intuitive and feel the pain of the painter
The intense red cliffs and the face of the demon in the side
The painting is blank, like a collage of paint strokes meant to represent a brick. It is nothing.
the person or the artist just convey a pretty and powerful typhon
This painting has a harshness with sharp jagged edges.
the expression on this characters face is quite menacing and his is scowling/frowning. he does not have any good intentions here.
Wrinkle lines near cheekbone and extending from edge of lip, dark background and wrinkles on the upper eyelid makes us feel anger.
The image is too bland and does not communicate anything to me, thus is makes me angry.
this woman dying and next to a corpse is visited by evil and is in rage and horror fuelled
the colors are representing a lot of fury and great emotion.
Finally, the brute got a taste of his own medicine.
here we can find two face of a same coin in different place
The black vertical bar is aggressive and divisive/
The mixture of colors in the picture at corners looks like people are fighting.
this image is the definition of anger how strong are the stroke and the feeling
a lot of fury and the way the stroke are filling the paper are giving me chills
This one makes me angry, with the talk of violence and shooting.
the way the colors are overlapping each other display the true face of the artist
The bright orange color evokes an aggressive and defensive reaction.
the action and simulation of big wounds and great expressions
The colours look like they were blurred out.
Ths painting brings memories from Austro-Hungarian Em;pire and the debacle of the War that Will End All Wars,
The volcano exploding creates anger in me along with the darkness of the painting as well.
it is almighty and incredible how in its anger the author plasmed those emotions
Both women are faced away like they don't know that someone's watching them.
how an evil aura is reflecting the colors
This painting makes me angry because it just looks sloppy and lazily done. It doesn't look like the artist put in any real effort.
The glow of the sky seems like fire. It seems like it reflects aburning rage.
the expression here the way all the hate is expressing and the blood is swapping all of it
The man looks angry and murderous with the scowl on his face and sword in his hand.
It looks like the woman combing the hair is hurting the other woman.
The woman doesn't have a pleased expression on her face and it makes me feel like she is upset, thus making me feel negative.
this is the face of someone with a lot of ego
this looks like a very licivious and lecherous old man. His eyes are scary to me.
all of the buidlings look as if they were ruins from a war and that once flourishing business is now up in flames.
The opulence and overindulgence of the celebration evokes a sense of injustice and unwarranted privilege.
The aristocratic woman is pregnant and looks unhappy.
The ancient courthouse was home to the conviction of many innocent citizens.
this unattractive woman has a very judgemental expression on her face, looking upset, and her crossed arms adds to this feel.
this one is the definition of selling herselve to get something
There seems to be a sense of confrontation from the man at the door.
This untrustworthy and arrogant man's disdain for the viewer is unsurpassed
this man looks like he doesn't want his portrait drawn. He's almost angry that he has to sit there.
The stylish angle of the man's hat and his trimmed and groomed facial hair show he is vain about his appearance, but his expression is hard to the point of threatening indicating beneath the facade of a civilized gentleman lies a dangerous man.
the election and the usage of the colors in the image how every stroke is used
the way he held his hands and try to get in a great position
The woman looks like she has abandoned the angels and kids and has accepted sin with her red colored dress.
if lazyness is described as a different as this might be it just give painful and tought sentiments
the way the painter plasmed the colors the way the river is showed
The intense red hue on everything including the subjects deep red eyes
the artist expressed diferent ways of living and how something might switch
the pale color used for her skin and her facial feactures
I can't believe he tore my clothes off and damaged my mandolin.
A thoughtless picnicker starts a fire which will eventually consume and decimate thousands of acres of forestry.
this vicious queen looks terrifying and of rage and fury in her eyes
The blotch on the bottom right seems out of balance and is off-putting.
the way the river is expressed and the turmoil on it
the way the umbrella is trapped in different kind of dilemas
the emotions represented in this images are a lot of pain and fury
this lady wearing black robe looks very scary and full of rage and fury
There is a violence. A fight between a demon and a samurai.
Although this image is clearly depicting a dated architype of women, it still bothers me that the woman is assigned to sowing.
fighting over and over is the representation of the all the anger and bad feeling in one
The one girl with the hat just looks like a very mean person and that makes me feel fired up inside.
A good painting but the woman looks seriously "Stuck up" to me and would likely be a tough presence to be around
This picture makes me angry because the horses are being whipped by the driver.
there is anger and rage coming from this ladies eyes in blue dress
his facial expression and how got surprised are the fact here
if you can show someone the true nature of a human probably this image is the solution
The moon seems more like a sun, unnaturally bright. It burns with fury.
things are disheveled and present a sense of chaos. it appears the man is wearing an intimidating mask.
There is a sharpness to the woman's gaze, and her mouth is compressed.
This looks like a pit bull who have reputation for being mean.
this man in this bright coloured costume looks really volatile and dangerous
The smoke rising in the background seems to show her anger. There is hatred in her eyes.
The woman was asked to stand naked for the pleasure of some greedy men.
the way this one presented the colors the palette and the fury
The man seems vicious. The eys are sharp and black
the cloudiness in the sky has a stormy and explosive feel which gives the painting a negative feeling.
because this is when white people came to abuse native Indians
the man seems angry and the red makes him even more upset
The amount of colors captured is not harmonious, and is irritating to the eye.
The blotches remind me of when you try to paint and the paint seeps in too fast leaving marks you didn't want.
This is mom's private time -don't butt in! Why isn't the partner helping keep the kids busy?
this man is naked and he is shadowboxing non existant ghosts in his mind
The King is on his horse pacing back and forth.  He is filled with anger as he decides on rather or not to start a war with the neighboring King and his town.
The man looks like he is yelling at the other people.
Smoke is coming out of this house and polluting the air
this man has his hand on her head in a very  condescending way as if he is petting her
I feel she is angry. Her arms are crossed, her eyebrows are furrowed. Her eyes are a bit wide. Mostly the face says anger to me.
The bodies are all combining and look very strange.
The red is hazy like fire in the sky, anger being lost in the woods.
The color is gloomy looking and dark.  The redness in the painting could resemble blood.  Very negative in nature
The use of warm colors remind me of Hell. It looks like an overbearing flame that is obliterating everything it touches
this dude in the middle looks like his ready to avenge these people like his on trial
All of the smokestacks make me think of how the Industrial Age was the beginning of so many environmental concerns
The sky is burning with rage. The clouds look like smoke
The scientist is angry that his invention is not working.  He writes with anger of why he needs the town to pay into his invention.
The man is in fight mode, even has smoke above his head, he's mad.
He looks angry and confused as to what is going on and why he is there!
Unlike the vibrant, bright colors in the other paintings, this one is dark and blurred, as if the artist is coming from a dark place and showing their anger at their situation. The graffiti adds to this sense of anger.
the design of this picture, like it is something out of the 20's, makes me upset, I don't like those old type pictures
Crows are given more credit than they deserve.  They dig up seeds and this one even feeds on animals.
The beautiful ,cool colors are marred by the stone forcing its way into the sea, like an elephant trunk searching for a stick.
a dark field in the middle of nowhere with absolutely nothing going on
The bold strokes of the reds and oranges seem chaotic and angry.
the roundness of that face with that style of beard makes this man look like an absolute brute
The man looks angry at his secretary for betraying him and selling his plans to news reporter.
His eyes and mouth look irritated and has a raging temper.
the splotchy design using very dark blue colours
Unlike the first painting where the girl had the papers laid out neatly and she was casually browing, this girl seems to be angry and distressed, chaotically rummaging through the papers
the red coat brings out a negative or unhappy feeling
There is too much commotion in this picture and it is uncomfortable to look at.
sometimes it is best to just be away when you are feeling under pressure
The all white eyes paired with a giant red bug makes him look possessed.
the men are acting like drunken fools, spending them money on spirits instead of taking care of their families
something about the bright red colour ruins this picture
My emotional feeling toward this painting is anger.  It looks like the man sitting down is angry at the waiter for spilling water on the table.
The character shown in this painting looks upset and angry looking at Jesus
she has been murdered, her life snuffed out like it was meaningless
It is not charmingly organized vase and the poor contrasting wall background create anger feel.
He yipped on the last hole, losing the tournament.
The vivid, blood red of the painting feels very angry to me.  The body language and expression on the face seems to convey resignation to some terrible fate.
They would speak later of how they had long grown tired of of the drunken, clumsy men,
she is sleeping not even fully on the bed but she is sleeping and sitting at the same time with her foot on the floor, this is bothersome to me
chaos and inorganization cause me to be upset as to why there cannot be peace
This picture is off center to the side which is annoying, the colors are really angry as well.
This reminds me of when the cable stops working and it makes that terrible screeching sound.
I overall feel anger with the woman in the painting.  The woman looks to be angry after she once again find her husband drunk and past out on the couch.
Human-being have greatly affected the environment hence global warming and that is why there is a strong wind that destroys the trees and therefore more destruction even to the buildings.
The peoples in the painting exhibits their anger and rage to fight for something.
Fighting for your ideas may end up costing your life. Is this how James found martyrdom He is considered the first to die as a martyr, Early Renaissance Andrea Mantegna is the painter..
The flowers are in separate vases and not in one, all together which makes me angry.
A muddy road in those parts only meant one thing: deforestation.
The man looks disapproving, as though he is shaming the woman standing before him and the rest of the crowd is too timid to come to her defense.
it's upsetting to see such a beautiful woman be a stone cold killer as she has a human head on a pillow
The sky and the background look lovely and beautiful.  It is so content and happy.  However, the foreground is in the shadows and the people look like they are strapped with work and are missing and unable to enjoy the beautiful sunrise that is happening right in front of them.
I feel like the young couple is having an argument over what to do with their land.
The colors are dark and the subject looks stern.
this woman's face reminds me of Helena Bonham Carter in Fight Club and I hated her in that role.
The old man is wearing a wig and is standing with a conceited look on his face as if he thought less of other people.
The men are angry that their villages have been burned down.  They go out and seek revenge by starting a war with the other villages.
The use of red and the folding of the arms makes me feel this is anger.
the woman appears cross, her arms are angrily crossed in front of her body
this woman is topless and I think she is a hooker and looking at me like I am her fourth customer this hour
There is a mess of emotions that resemble a hurricane.
the very sharp designs and the overall dark colours and hues of orange and blue give this a negative tone
Both images look to depict someone's work, but this one looks chaotic and aggressive.
The way her arms are crossed and her facial expression makes her look angry.
there is a very dank quality to this picture mostly due to the odd shade of purple in the sky
the tree colours are way too dark for this picture and the background sky is too hazy
The expression on the woman's face is very stern, like she is angry and the painting is very dark, which makes me feel sad, and scared. She looks like a mean grandma.
the people are being accosted, the sheep are being slaughterer in the street
the metallic and bright orange colour of that building makes it look out of place
I fear that angry set of workers are going to rob their bosses house and steal back everything the boss as taken from them.
The muddied banks suggest turmoil and bring out anger in the painting.
It looks like the old man holding the cup is lecturing the others about not drinking and he looks very displeased.
I cannot actually tell if this is a jacket or robe, but it's sort of confusing either way.
the orange colour in this picture is too much. there isn't one item in this picture that isn't at least partially colored orange
this picture looks like it was put through an industrial style filter which has greyed out the picture and sucking the vibrancy of any colour
The antithesis of the young man outside is this old woman inside. She is snobbish, judgmental. She doesn't give you the time of day
the very grey skies and the dark green trees on the side
the boustier part of that dress is way too high up and doesn't cover her breats properly
this is kinda of a wired on that i dislike and move it eles where
The Native American elder raises their ancestors skull in anger, and shakes it at the European invaders.
these steel workers look like they are criminals and up to no good, what accentuates it is the pencil scribble styel
it looks like there may be a quarrel about to happen
The painting portrays a defiant body language of someone full of anger and contempt.
The woman appears to be taking joy over the beheading of John the Baptist
The woman punches the table with her fist in anger
This represents the corruption of the church, and hows it's manipulated people over time.
The woman is angry at how her friends betrayed.  She looks at different spell books to fulfill her anger.
The woman in black has a look of fury on her face as she approaches the other
The young man appears to have a smug look on his face, and the colors are a bit drab.
Despite being in a wedding dress, this woman has a darkness. Her face is in shadow and her lips are pursed.
The red hues for what should be a peaceful landscape reflects discontent or perhaps anger
The man's facial expression looks pissed and grumpy
the very dark background and the sharp designs give this picture a negative emotion
The dark colors and sharp stroked bring out a feeling of anger and angst.
The servants leave theri own sleeping children to take care of someone else's spoiled offspring.
this man playing the guitar is half decapitated missing the top half of his head
The tan newspapers in the painting are ripped part to where I can't fully see the text which makes me angry.
the way this was drawn, it looks like his penis is sticking out from the top of his pants
The mood in the picture seems to be one of anger with the person in the center making a fist in anger
The rectangle looks like it's broken up into parts and not all together which makes me angry.
The violent gestures of the figures in the image suggest anger and distress.
Children are not little adults, and that outfit and pose are clearly based off what the kid's adult responsibilities would be in 10-15 years. The dark pink also looks awful against the gold.
I am emotionally feeling anger.  This looks like the aftermath of someone being angry at their work partner.
clearly the orange shading in the background has leaked on to this woman's hair
Men loudly duck hunting with rambunctious dogs.
The wealthier/higher class types seem to be disregarding the young woman in the more simple garb of a servant, not appreciating she's the reason they can sit around instead of working.
the boy is toiling in the field, reaping the long grass to feed his animals.
Wrinkles, monotone, doesn't seem to be amused or even want to be involved.
this is just a creepy picture of a small man holding a ball
the haziness of the aqua teal and fire orange have destroyed this image
he looks Volant and mean i think he killed someone
It looks like the figure in the black robe is harming the other
This looks to be an alternate depiction of The Last Supper, and it does no end well according to the Bible.
The painter of the image comes across very aggressive and angry. The color red is used a lot overshadowing lighter and happier colors
It looks like the painter was feeling aggressive when makign this
My overall reaction is anger.  It looks like the artist in the painting is very angry and throwing his frustration on to the canvas.
The furrowed brows, the deep stare, and the puckered lips makes me feel that the person in the image is angry
too much is going on here. its as complex as it could possibly be
the painting is confusing i can not seem to makee anything of it
the dark shading all over his face and the scowl look in his eyes
There is a chaotic urgent angry energy in the scribblings of this piece.
The man has a mean look on his face which looks worst since he's sitting in a dark room.
Symbols have been used in propaganda for centuries.  Humans have been conditioned to accept the future through Fine Art.
The lady appears smug and unhappy. The colors surrounding the background are also dark and dull giving off a dirty impression.
This one feels so bitter, frustrating, and busy. Very strong and edged.
Dark brown color for the dress doesn't show up any pattern and looks like bear fur moreover greenish patches on the forehead gives a sick look and hence create anger.
the brush strokes on these trees at the very edges makes them look excessively fuzzy and not like trees
Quite shocking. This pampered boy bullying people and animals.
It looks like the artist was mad when this was painted
I dont like how two of the flowers are the same color (pink). I think they should all be different colors.
this mob scene in this doorway is way too busy for my liking
Thte art school did nothing but stifle the natural instincts of its students.
This looks like a wasteland. The lack of leaves and greenery makes me feel hot and aggressive.
THE BACKGROUND COLOR AND THE FLOWERS COLORS  DOESN'T SUIT
Two many colors going on in this, a few of the bolder ones get me rowdy and fired up.
The image on the above image seems to be angry.
this public waterway colour is excessively brown and yellow
in this painting a single woman is with a knife is horrible.
The man looks angry, like the person who painted the painting had done him wrong.
This guy looks like a real jerk. His expression screams, "I'm better than you." The dark colors don't help with the negative impression.
The stern look in the subject's face makes me feel anger is being potraied
the woman seems angry at having to sit for her portrait, she is displeased with the process
this brute of a sumo with his too many toes gives a negative vibe
this picture has a very "handmaid's tale" kind of feeling to it
This art style seems messy and blurry, and I am barely able to make out the woman.
the woman's body is being inspected by the elderly woman
the three ladies seem to planning to take the child away from the lady holding the child
this girl clearly doesn't know how to play the guitar, she holds it wrong, it is upsetting that she can clearly afford this guitar but doesn't respect it enough to learn how to play
The other people berating the man in his cell seems very hostile and stressful of a situation to be under.
I am not really even sure what this is supposed to be actually.
The image looks dirty and unfinished by the way the drawing is portrayed.
The guy looks like he got his wife in a bet somewhere. She looks happy that it came out alright.
The man is pointing down in an accusatory manner, as if some one is going to be punished.
hand on hip, the man is too good for the process and doesn't want to be inconvenienced
The professor looks angry that his students are not understanding the importance of aviculture.
Man with his hands on his hips looks very angry. The shading is very sharp looking also.
A wealthy and pompous man wearing an expensive suit angrily leers straight ahead.
The crosshatching in this drawing as well as the expression of the figure in it give off a feeling of anger. The sharp and rigid lines also give off anger.
The impressionist portrait of the girl gives the impression that she is being abused thanks to the colour palette and the technique employed in painting.
Vegetarians beware! - set before you are DEAD fish! Well a painting of dead fish at any rate.
This painting of a man looks like he is upset or mad and shows no emotion of happiness. He looks angry and annoyed.
The person in this art piece looks like the quintessential "unamused" face that a parent would give to their cild when they do something wrong.
It looks like an angry vibe just the way its set up.
I don't know what the purpose is of all that writing other than it is ruining this picture
the woman's gaze is piercing, you can see her anger on her face as her arms are crossed
The man looks like he is very angry with the eyes
black tiles and sharp design gives this picture a very unfrlendly vibe
Piety, such a useless waste of hypocritical energy.
The sky looks like a big storm is coming that is rude.
The rough stroke lines and the dominant color of red in the bottom portion of the painting
The careless and destroyed sketch by time subtracts quality from the drawing.
this is the ugliest looking magical fairy i have ever seen
this man's scraggly facial hair is ridiculous and unfriendly
The young woman has a cold stare on her face like nothing anyone says or does will make her feel happy.
The rage and anger of the two as they battle almost radiates from this
Pictures like this were used to further the control the church had on people in the past.  It's beautiful but it makes me angry.
the line of tepees is a stark reminder that the invading Europeans  have tried to systematically erase the indigenous population from the land
The positioning of the character makes me uncomfortable. Especially the way she/he is looking into the image.
Wish bottled water had never been invented.  Waste of money and hard on the environment.
This guy's hairline looks a bit clapped in the way that it isn't straight and his forehead is massive, connoting deceit and lies.
It's difficult to tell but it seems as if these men are taking this woman's child away from her. Which makes me feel upset.
Just a bunch of lazy fat military men sitting around drinking tea and enjoying their elite status just upsets me.
During the cowboy times black people were treated like crap which makes me feel anger towards the Americans in that period who could let slavery happen. Only white people are seen in this picture and in cowboy times it is only white people, not black people.
The image is dull to me and very uninspiring.
the orange hues bring out the angry feelings. The outfit looks terribly uncomfortable.
The people are putting the crown of thorns on Jesus.
THIS PAINTING LOOKS LIKE A VERY STAUNCH, UNHAPPY MAN WHO IS CLOSED MIINDED.
This man's arched eye brows and frown make him look very angry.
it upsets me that people think that two rectangles coloured by a four year old could be considered art
this woman has a very odd face, she could be Rowan Atikinson's twin sister
The color and paint flow reminds me of a burning candle flame.
this woman has some serious bloodshot eyes like she either hasn't slept for days or is a raging alchoholic
the man looks like he's trying to ply the woman with alcohol to make it easier to take advantage of her
that is how i imagine greed to look inhuman form
Quite clearly a scene of drudgery bordering on slavery.
the face looks angry and mean. perhaps the lack of other details in the painting makes these emotions stand out even more.
Her expression looks like she is displeased with something.
the colour used on this hill makes it look like one gigantic orange to climbe
The amount of deep red makes this picture look angry or threatening. This idea of threat also comes through from the angel (?) below the body with what looks like a sword and the somewhat creepy man in black next to him.
this woman has such a closed and trite pose, and her face has a mean expression on it
This painting is difficult to look at because of the mirror image on the bottom portion.
I imagine this is a pit of angry lions and the lions are attacking a herd of deer.
The colors are splattered like the artist was mad.
There are lots of black splats of paint that are conflicting with the more colorful paint
a man's face composed entirely of a big red blotch gives off the feeling of anger
It makes me angry and doesnt seem finish. Just dont like it and wish it was more.
The people look like they're not happy with the place.
Two demons are taking a woman away to a pit of hell.
THE SHARP LOOK IN HER EYES SHOWS ANGER TOWARDS SOMETHING.
this looks what would have been a peaceful oceanside town, but has been ruined with these industrial smoke stacks billowing pollution in the atmosphere
this picture implies a lot of violence considering that that man is brandishing a knife and may be going after that woman
i feel angry because this is a depiction of a member of the first nations, one whom the white colonizers tried to wipe out
I overall have a feeling of anger with this painting.  The man is arguing at his neighbors for stealing his horse.
the design up close made this look super faded and hazy and made it difficult to look at for any extended period of time
the uneven dark colours gives me anxiety and makes me angry because it isn't organized and the colours are dark and muddied
The horizontal lines are not even with the vertical lines, not even the same color.
The lines of this man's forehead make his brow seem so very furrowed; he does not appear to be a kind man.
Not much effort has been put into this image.
The man looks to be angry about something.
this is a frustrating picture to look as as that rose is blocking her second beautiful breast
The artist looks angry and unfortunately not satisfied with how his artwork turned out.
I overall feel anger.  I feel like the prisoners are angry at the guard and plotting revenge on the guard.
The sun is burning with rage as the waves toss and turn
the two men in yellow and red respectively are horrific looking they are both full of rage
The headwear makes me think she is Muslim, who are known for violence.
This color reminds me of being made or very scared
The woman's skin tone matches too well with the background and makes her barely stand out.
I am reminded of the legacy of slavery and also the animal cruelty depicted.
A group of men angrily yell racist sentiments towards the foreign performers.
Right, baby's cute. Let mom have some space already and quit crowding around.
she is looking to her right in a very pompous manner
You may be rescuing her, oh noble knight, but don't expect to marry her.
It looks like the one older man is angry at the other man.  He points is musical pointer at the man and demands that he sings better.
the yellow in the sky is too sharp for this picture
The lines and curves in the painting are blurry and not clear. The colors are muted and it's hard to make out the subject.
I would have liked to have seen more details in both the plane and the pilots.
the buildings spew black smoke into the air around a desolate shoreline
this woman is topless but has no breasts to show for it
I see horses running through blood inspiring a dangerous war like feeling
the blue on this woman's face means she doesn't know how much make up to put on or she is quite sick
These remind of the Independence Wars from the history book.
the burnt orange streets highlighted by an off green sky
the kig and his army is returning from a campaign in the holy land where they reigned terror on the innocent people living there
Things are all over the ground and it doesn't look organized.
This man's gaze is piercing, and he seems mean, or evil. His red clothing is bright and sharp, an emotion that makes me feel angry.
this woman is clearly eating more than her fair share come dinner time
There is a dispute among villagers/townspeople happening and everyone is visibly upset
The figure in red looks arrogant with their head tilted and their nose in the air. All of the other figures seem to be afraid and cowering. There is darkness along the edges with all of the light shining on the arrogance of the figure in red. What looks like a child at the bottom appears to be ignored and covered in the same darkness as everybody else.
the angry men are warring and murdering and maiming
The painting shows that there is no organization, things are just scrabbled and scribbled on which makes me angry.
I feel like the wife is angry at her husband.  That she sits in anger while she drinks vodka.
This person looks like they need help and no one wants to lend a hand
The far perspective of this picture makes me feel as though I am being excluded from the conversation.
The picture being taken is probably the most attention they've gotten from their parents in months.
Rat like face, and looks like he's judging you.
The way his eye brows furrow he looks very angry
The church taking advantage of people not smart enough to realize it.
He looks mad. He is pointing at something like giving an order.
I feel like the two grown men are arguing over will get the fish.
The woman on the left looks visibly upset as the other people don't seem to be paying attention to her
Wait... this is the entire painting? Just a corner of the entire piece? I would've liked it if they carried on with the collage and better used this space.
The images are not coordinated in color.
the trees and plants are going to fall over and the structures might fall from the gust of winds
I overall have a feeling of anger with the man in the painting.  The man in the painting looks to be angry at his father for not letting him take the family business.
he is smugly looking at the painter, his lips pulled tight together in his distaste
My initial reaction to this man is anger.  I feel the man is angry at terrible investment deal and he lost his life savings.
In the painting baby Jesus is presented in the Temple, but you can see in the upper left corner a couple of high priests showing resentment at the fact. Is this the beginning of the tragedy unfolding  many years later?
I have feeling of anger in this painting. The wife decides to throw her cheating husbands things out the window.
looks like the women are being prosecuted for some sort of crime where only women were targeted.
A lot more effort could have gone into making this image.
a very dark granite rock with a night background, there picture exudes negativity
The harsh lines and darkness of the painting create a sense of anger in the painting.
there is too much going on, i do not like the mix of colors
Not sure why a Pepsi symbol would appear in art.  Free ad for Pepsi.
why would they draw Abraham Lincoln with very weird blue and orange streaks across his face?
The sketch represents a battle of the Centaurs, half horses and half humans that were traditional enemigies of the Greeks. But what inspires anger is the fact the it wasn;t the Centaurs fault that, after getting drunk they misbehave and started the eternal animosity with the Greek, but the Greek themselves who supplied the wine, never tested by the Centaurs that generate the whole ordeal.
Her eyes show spite, anger - almost contempt.
The amount of focus put into this craft is too much, it is a great sport yes but there's a struggling world as well
this man looks like he could be Stalin's second cousin, even if he isn't he doesn't look like a nice person
His facial expression and the red tones represent angst
The ladies pursed lips and her shut eyes makes me think she thinks she is better.
The person in this in this pick makes me think of someone who is bitter and old .
the stark yellow shading in this picture completely ruined this portrait
The old man is super angry for his company under.  Greed and anger have made him hate everyone.
It appears to be a violent stand off between a man balling his fists and a woman holding back a stick and glaring up at him. It looks like a shit show out here.
the aging haziness of this picture with grey skies gives this nature scene too much of an "industrial" feel to it
They look like they are arguing about something maybe a legal disagreement
the martial appearance of the subject shows that he is ready to go to war
The woman standing to the left looks as if she is being judged and shunned by the group of people on the right. She looks angry with the situation and shows it with her positioning and hand on her hip.
The pride portrayed in the painting convey negative feelings.
there is anger and rage coming from the small girl who is not going to the ball
So many men lost, so many more forever scarred by the ravages of war.
John Russell depicted in this picture, was the 4th Duke of Bedford and a man that, angered may of  his peers because, according to them " sold England"  by making a peace "at all cost" with France. Knowing this fact, it may elicit anger in the viewers.
the dark skies and the smudged black on the forest gives this a negative mood
The old man on the above image seems to be angry.
I have sense of anger with this painting.  The father looks angry at his son for not wanting to take over the family business.
the red stick brings out anger and frustration
The color red represents anger and hatred, it brings anger to many people.
this abstract picture of this kid, reminds me of eleven from stranger things
She looks like a bitter old smug woman that has no warmth and empathy for her fellow man.
The surf is pounding as it crashes against the rocks. It is aggressive
Her arms are crossed which belies the smile on her face.
the super bright yellow/gold hues that was used to colour nearly everything in this picture makes it tough to even look at
I can see the anger of the protesters there since I see smoke there like they burned something.
The red is so aggressively bright and the man looks Stern
the shading in the sky colours the entire picture in this odd industrial yellow and steals the life out of this forest scenery
It looks like the local hotel maids are filled with anger.  They go on strike for unfair wages.
The dark streets look like a scene that Jack the Ripper may have been a part of
The smoke coming from the building increases chances of air pollution and that makes me angry.
I really don't like this pose. The feeling of being looked down on makes me very irritated.
the man is being punished for his ministry by crucifixion
The figure looks despondent and hurt. She looks like she has been attacked and left weakened.
the men are partaking in the bullfight, it is a brutal and horrific event
The lady looks mad as she looks out the window.
THE BATTLE IS FIGHTING WITH THE PERSON SHOWING ANGER.
the woman seems to have a vicious look on her face
The soldiers have invaded the town and are taking prisoners.
The nobility sitting on their thrones? Do they care about the plight of the peasants on the left? Not much. So if someone receives visions, like the guy on the right, the nobility could be in trouble as the peasants march.
This man looks angry at the viewer, and I return the sentiment.
Overall my feeling is anger.  It looks like weather man lied and it snowed so much that the town has no way to get food to feed town.
I am angry because this could have been a nice picture but the very bright blue and green managed to ruin it
There is not enough color in the image, and it looks like a painting of an unorganized pile of trash.
The man is wrestling the baby, the dark room and his cape seem like he is going to kill the baby
The man's face looks very serious and somewhat angry
This painting made me feel anger because it looks like someone took the original painting of flowers and smeared the wet paint all over the canvas.
It is an ugly painting to me and I wonder how it a popular piece of art.
this man has a smug ugly repugnant face, he superiority complex is visible in his visage
The man in the suit has a frown on his face and a seriousness that shows that he is mean.
this old hag has the saggiest breast I have ever seen
I feel the wife is angry after she read morning paper.  She is angry because she found out her husband was apart of the bank robbery.
the smoke stacks show the preindustrialization of society ruining nature
i feel anger for this painting, this not worth, because this is node
it looks like this woman is about to stab this man violently with that knife
she appears stressed and angry with dark circles under her eyes and her brows drawn together
this mans face is so punchable and i dislike the painting
the soldier marches confidently towards war for a questionable cause
the religious iconography is being used to manipulate the parishioners
This painting makes me angry because I can't tell what it is trying to depict at all.
The way the white lines contrast with the thick black background shapes makes me on edge
this is a very odd blue smudge that is out of place in this picture
the super black/dark shading of this cabinet gives it a very negative emotion
this mans face has been deformed with his chin indented and his eyes are at two different heights
the woman has a somewhat stern and angry look on her face
this woman isn't this man's pet, why is she sitting at his feet?
I absolutely have a feeling of anger with these men in the painting.  It looks like they are arguing over what to put into the philosophy book.
This woman is very smug about something, and she wants to rub it in your face.
I overall see anger in this painting. The bride looks to be angry and is yelling at the servant for ruining her veil.
a very snowy day which must be in the middle of winter brings the mood down in this picture
The naked tree with no flowers nor leaves on it shows me that it's not being taken care of which makes me angry.
This looks like a statue of two people fighting until the death.
The shape looks like some sort of medieval torture device.
This is an image of some kind of ruler directing construction that he is not helping with or involved with.
man looks unamused at what looks like a fire in a mountain whilst holding a book facing away from him as if he should not help put the fire out
I am overall feeling anger with the the man in the painting. The doctor looks angry after he finds out he being sued for the death of a patient.
This man looks like he is in a powerful position and looks very intimidating
The darker background and clothing color bring gloomy feeling as well as her down turned pressed lips that look like suppressed anger or disappointment.
I overall have a feeling of anger.  I feel like a bunch of hunters killed this fox for no reason at all.
The ships have made landfall. With dark clouds behind them they are ready for battle.
This picture is not symmetrical at all and it is bugging me.
that sky looks a horrid oily grey, you can see the smudge lines it's so bad
This reminds me of the Spanish conquistadors and slave traders who I generally think of as bad people.
A group of people are arguing outside a house.
Theres a lot of suffering and violence, the people are not doing well
A image like this reminds me of what anger and sad would look like mixed together. Something dark and rustic, giving enough to let you know that something is really in there.
The figure in this image looks angry, like they're about to hit someone.
I feel like there is an angry protest going on.  The angry protest is going to get out of hand and there will be causalities.
I overall believe this man is angry.  He is protesting down the streets yelling saying don't do business at that bank on the corner.
intense emotion violence lion the painting looks very stressful
The two characters look like they do not get along with each other
The girls look serious and do not have smile on their face.
The man looks like he has built up emotion in him and that makes me angry.
this is a bad picture i dislike it to the most degree
The amount of black creates a visual disorder that confuses the viewer.
It looks like the artist scribbled in total rage
the irregular patterns and strikes give a sense of frustration and confusion
Are you _smuggling_? Yanking the big companies is one thing, but you're hurting the little guys!
Very little effort has been put into this image.
It looks like the woman standing is arguing with the other woman.  The one woman is angry at her friend for not wanting to help out at the fundraiser.
The woman is wearing beautiful clothing but she has a very unhappy and angry look on her face.
The thin-lipped woman has a stern expression on her face that makes her seem tense
He insists that his daughter give up her dream of an education to marry the man he had arranged for her.
Her crossed arms and rigid posture make her look ready to argue.
The red is aggressive and the face is almost ideological or crazed.
All this images or painting make me angry how there is nothing there. The painting isnt complete.
This painting is just of a gray rectangle which makes me angry that there is nothing else.
this woman is doing a self examination for breast cancer completely incorrectly
The man is angry at his wife for stealing his money.  He plans on striking her with a knife behind her back.
this mother has a very angry look at her daughter in a way that she is clearly disappointed with her life choices
RED AND SHADES OF RED ALWAYS GIVES AN IMPRESSION OF DANGER AND ANGER.
Brings about visions of religious abuse, judgement, punishment and indoctrination.
a man has awoken from his drunken slumber as he hears a loud noise outside.
Even when the princess and frog fairytale has a happy ending, still can fill nothing but anger against the forces of evil trying to be ono the way to happiness.
I don't like the way the colors clash together in the image. It has harsh lines.
it is upsetting that there is a nice plump naked woman but she is facing the other way
these figures appear to be arguing and defending themselves by citing a text, ugh
The king doesn't look very happy with the people in red.
The water pounds down over the dropped, hammering the land below
I Believe the woman in black is causing the sickness of the girl
Ther boy looks in distress and looks to have been mistrated by the two women in the picture and the picture of the lady holding a child is how he wants to be treated
This is an abusive painter taking his frustrations out on his model.
She looks like she doesn't want to be seen naked. Her body is turned away, and she has an almost sad look in her eyes.
it looks like this woman is forced stuck in that corsett
The woman's facial expression looks like someone ruined her day which makes me angry.
this is an oddly dark blue, it looks like the whole city is covered with an ocean
A war in an old village with a lake setting.
this is a picture of a murky landscape, swampy water and trees that are tipping over dying
The drunk man is yelling across the tavern.  He is filled with anger because the bartender cut him off.
The old withered flowers on the floor and drooping withered one in the vase are unpleasant and hence trigger anger.
The town is not welcoming to he people gathered outside its gates.
It looks like she is searching for food and can't find any.
the toad of a man, stands with a crown atop his head, dressed in ermine. he is the ruler of all before him
My overall feeling is anger.  The man is angry at how is boss treated him.  He takes the rope he found and plans to take out his anger on his boss.
The little girl's dress looks like it's not suitable for her and she was forced to wear which makes me angry at the person who forced her to wear the dress.
there is a very dark mood to this picture mostly through the fact it was done in dark pen
The colors used remind me of being angry. The same with the scribbles.
the trees are too dark, the house looks like a child drew it and the ground looks disgusting, this is all too negative to look at
Napoleon was known for his brutalizing tactics and this just shows in sort of serious and concentrated in light. I can only feel he is thinking of further brutality here to give out.
the skull represents death and dying and this is not a positive emotion
The above image shows of an old man who seems to be tired.
what upsets me are people who take poses in the middle of the road and disregard everyone's safety
The CEO of a great company is filled with anger as he finds out that his partner has betrayed him.
the reaction depicted by this women was not so good.
The woman looks very mad it looks like she's glowing fire behind her.
The boxer in the painting, and we really know who he is, Mohammed Ali, has a irate look that generates the same reaction in the viewer.
This seems to be a rather lazy and uninspired painting,where the artist was not really trying.
there seems to be hate in the two men's expressions and the woman doesn't seem pleasant
The colors of this remind me of when your printer's ink goes out and you need to buy more.
The man has a scowl on his face.
She looks like she was forced to have her painting made and she doesn't look to happy at all.
Everyone seems to be frail and tired. The people eating seem to be dressed in rags while the well dressed women appear to judge them.
Armies are the pawns of the greedy colonizers.
He always seemed to find a reason to denegrate his son.
I overall am feeling anger in this painting.  I feel there is anger going on in this painting with red background to show there is a fight going on.
The people are too small compared to the building
this man is quietly painting a tree while a very spoiled rich child is mocking it and judging it
The darkness around the eyes and the frown on his face is on of anger and madness.
The colors red and blue with the figures used, makes it look like a chaotic scene
the style of this man's moustache gives off a sense of him being quite pompous and arrogant
the man has his arms crossed angrily across his chest, the brows are knit together and he is fed up
the brown crimson box on the top and the dark black rectangle on the bottom
She does not seem happy at all with her serious look on her face.
the grey and dark shades in the water show it was clearly polluted from the building in the middle of the picture
The colors in the painting reminded me of feelings of anger
The young man looks angry at the girl.  The girl refuses to let the man take her cow's calf.
There seems to be a volcano or natural disaster indicated by the clouds above the little child's head, which makes me angry as these rich people are flexing their wealth with ridiculous paintings while bad things are happening in the world, and the best way for them to show their wealth is by helping those in need.
The red color all around other colors shows anger
The red background and abstractness of the center focus could signal distress or anger.
I feel the young mother is angry at her daughter.  She yells at her daughter for running off and holds her hand telling her don't let go of my hand.
there is someone sitting at the end of this dirty run down place, living in this squalor
Literally a color pallet on a canvas. It makes me angry that this is art.
The fighting scene shows what is a defendant in the ground and the samurai ready to put the final blow. The ager reaction is due to the fact that chivalry rules are here forgotten
He's pulling out his sword as if to swing at the enemy or civilian with a slight grimace on his face.
The one individual appears to be destroying the location and looks extremely angry.
My emotional feeling towards this painting is anger. The one actor in the play is angry for finding the actress slept with the director.
the overcast dark clouds sucked all the positivity out of this picture
the dark shades on the side of the mountain gives this an unpleasant mood
Red is a very "angry" color. The way this painting is composed the subjects have a very angry feel.
The place looks dark and the behavior of the animal in the image makes me angry.
This image made me feel anger because it seems to be a photo of someone getting injured that could result to them dying
In this painting I emotionally feel anger with one of the men. The one man looks to be feeling anger.  He seems to not want to hear what the other man has to say.
The lady looks ashamed and is holding her breasts, while the men seemed to be fine with it.
The dead animals in the still life create disgust and repulsion.
The red crack signifies something is rupturing the whole and poisoning it.
the very gothic designs and dark clouring and shading of the orange gives this a negatively charged emotion
The once natural landscape has now been angrily robbed by humans in search of resources.
destroying the forest, spoil the nature, so i feel angry for this painting
the young child is out tending his sheep, when he should be in school getting an education
It has a fiery, smoky overlay, which can be a reminder of anger and gloom.
the redness of the imagery invokes anger and looks like explosion clouds
the dark deep red gives off a strong feeling of anger
The harshness and jagged sharpness of the lines gives an intense feeling.
this is a dark overcast day with a very bleak attitude on a seaside shore and a boat that is directionless, this painting is bleak
Impending conflict signaling great losses and the end of an era. Contempt for an enemy that remains misunderstood in the ultimate defeat of death.
They're angry. They've been fighting and the stronger on has decided to kill the other. The red on the one man's head looks like blood.
Under dark clouds the angry mob has finally found and ganged up on the family guilty of something they feel is horrible.
the man in the painting looks very angry and upset.
I overall feel the little girl is angry at her mother.  The little girl is angry because she has to finish her singing lesson and she rather be outside with her friends.
this deep crimson square has nothing postive about it and only brings about negative angry emotions
Let's ignore the flag types that separate land and water.
The two people look like they are going to beat someone up with the weapons in their hand which makes me angry.
The flaming reds and oranges seem to be whisking up a storm
The sketch of the man looks like he is frustrated at someone
The way the lines are drawn make me think of anger and chaos. The expressions on the people's faces show that they are confused and maybe angry.
the men are on horseback, fighting, they are putting the horses in danger
This painting made me feel anger because the horsemen are fighting.
This man has a very disapproving look on his face. He seems highly irritated and upset.
a bull plowing through a horse to kill the rider is too violent for me
this is the savagery of the bull fights. The toreador brutally murders the bull in the ring for amusement
Her eyes have a look of anger and she seems to be stabbing you with her eyes.
This ma does not seem to be the kind to be a good officer, and got into that position because of his ties to his royal families.
the redness on the trees in the foreground brings down the positivity in this picture.
The strong strokes of the trenamisten tree fury and negative feelings.
This could be a beautiful image but the lack of realistic imagery and color use make it seem rushed.
the woman has pursed lips and a knit brow making her look angry
The dead dragon below, blood streaming everywhere and the face of the man.  I can feel his anger for this dragon.
Confessing her infidelity to the angry and disturbed husband.
The way she is dressed in the blue button up shirt and the white head gear reminds me of the working women pictures from WW2 and it upsets me to see that because it is a mockery of hardworking dedicated people during that era.
Flippin' rich people, taking and taking and messing things up without giving back. Donating to a charity doesn't count when it's just change to the giver.
The first painting seems like he may be the leader of a certain country and this painting seems like it may be a group of people that are planning a coup. As if they are going to overthrow someone or take over something.
The hue of the painting being more of a reddish tone and everyone is much closer to each other.
the way the tree is drawn is unusual as you can't see any of the leaves and the very red hints in the orange makes this look unappealing
The man is gesturing as if trying to keep someone from approaching him.
The clouds look dark and stormy, and is conflicting with the brightly colored orange tree
The young man's eyes project arrogance rather than confidence, and his focus is as if studying his prey and the cost to benefit of launching an attack.
The person looks to be pushing angrily at a younger child.
the woman are heading out to work in the fields where men should be working
this man looks like he could be a dictator and be a mean person
this woman's face look like Joacquin Phoenix's face from Joker
this is naked woman's backside is almost as straight as a rectangle, it should be much curvier
Anger and disgust on display in the painting.  The face is almost demonic like, and the hands look unsteady.
This feast is entirely ruined. It looks like its sat out there for a few days rather than it looking safe to eat.
Everybody looks like they're part of a angry mob.
the way this picture is drawn it is as if this person is a crazy madman
he looks like one of those factory owners in the 20's driving his workers to the ground by working them to death
I overall I feel the man in the painting is angry.  In his eyes he looks to be wanted to plot revenge out of anger.
The furrowed brows indicate to me a sense of anger in the portrait
Get away from me I don’t want to celebrate
I am feeling anger between the two ladies.  The one lady is arguing over her friend for cheating in the card game.
The first woman is pushing the second person away. It's as if she is highly annoyed with whomever is very clingy. I would feel annoyed as well if I were her.
The clouds are steaming with rage and the burning oranges
Very chaotic. Seems like everyone is tense. Dark overtones and they may be fighting over that baby.
One half of the painting shows overlapped writing which cannot be read easily thus creating anger.
these very worried naked people look terrified and in danger
The painting is mostly blank and there's no creativity put into it which makes me angry.
the man doesn't want to be there, he wants to go back and get on with his day
The reds are extreme and it feels like something bad is about to happen.
A fire rages through the farm, as the flames turn the everything around an angry red color.
His unkempt hair and mean eyes and snarl makes me think of Scrooge.
this man wants to have sex with this woman, but she is clearly apprehensive and not interested
these men look anxious and even hostile, like there will soon be a fight
He looks contemptuous like he refuses to look at the painter
His eyes and frown show a hint of the fury underneath
I find the man's expression to be smug and fills me with a sense of him being untrustworthy. I dislike him.
There's a severity to the way she holds her mouth and glares out at something she's unhappy about.
The man seems to be stabbing the woman through the head
it looks like there is this angry mob outside this building exuding hate
The way the guy has his eyebrows arched shows how man he is.
The painting was not seriously drawn because it is not clear. The only thing I can see is a tree.
The devil in human for is how i describe this
The man is angry at his wife who has not responded to him
I feel this way because the women in the photo are spying on the man in the photo.
Looks like a bloody war that stirs rage in the city
this man sits in the chair to pass judgement on all the other people
How has the pope of all people eaten all of the food in town. That is corruption at it's finest.
The disorganization and hard lines reflect anger and frustration in the artist
The scribbly lines look angry and messy.
the way this woman is piercing her eyes right into the viewer's eyes quite fiercely
Looks like a poor environment with lack of self discipline, drinking with minors around is not appropriate.
The women are carry load on their head while a man sits and the beast is idle.
The creative block was excrutiating and he broke his instruments in frustration.
I overall the man is angry over seeing the reports on the stock market.  The man is furious for making wrong investments.
There seems to be a dispute as the soldiers on horses are attacking people on the right side of the painting
I love trees and seeing one down makes me upset
The jagged lines and colors indicate an anger or rage
I don't like the way the character in the image looks at all! Not attractive at all! He looks like half child and half man from the way he was drawn.
Because this looks like a painting celebrating people for colonizing and forcing their religion onto other innocent people.
I am angry that this woman is teasing me by only showing me one breast and not the other as well.
I feel anger in that original painting is in-built reaction
The look on the General's face tells me he is feeling anger.  The General is mad that his spy betrayed him.
The harsh, angry expression upon the soldier's countenance evokes a similar feeling of anger
The open mouth of this person and the red stripe of color makes me associate it with anger.
the land has been clear cut, it is now dry and arid with no life
The painting looks like someone ripped up the canvas and that makes me feel angry as to why they ripped it.
this woman's breasts are not big enough to be wearing such a low cut dress
reminds me of a war campaign and propaganda that will cause harm
this whole picture has a very bleak tone as accentuated by the dark trees
I really very angry, because very good person had to unwanted punishment..
this man looks angry compare to the other images
The waters crash down and pound the ground
this woman has a very judging look by smiling and squinting at you
the background is too dark and overpowers the light flowers
This mother seems not be caring about her child and showing her off
A coworker had a wedding dress like this but snubbed me by not inviting me to the wedding.
this woman's breasts are way too small for that body
he looks very terrific and angry
It looks like a neglected meadow where every time seeing it, I feel annoyed and want to get mad.
The painting is very bland, and the black rectangle is off centered
It is a negative image to see the American flag on the ground like that
Forever mindful that the United States military industrial complex is alive and profitable.
the way he has his hand on his hip is ridiculous
the women outside the carp look like sad and the men look angry
The little girl looks like she is being forced to work which makes me feel anger at the parents who make her work.
the dark background, deep grey table suck the positivity out of this picture
This also features plants but the painting is of darker, moodier colours and the black plants are painted very agressively.
hair pulling, fighting just acting like children
The man on his knees while another holds a rock over his head is scary.
I feel the other people of the neighboring village are angry for them killing their live stock.
The man has a haughty look on his face and is trying to stare someone down.
The shoreline is covered in red hues which make it look like something bad happened there, almost like Lord of the Flies.
This man in the painting looks very upset, grumpy and not to pleased.
The painting is nothing but a bunch of angry scribbles.
this is like a killing people or robbing people
the red streaks across the blue background look like blood, and the use of the red and dark tones indicates anger
It's the end of the month, the bills are due, the lease is up for renewal and the office staff are being _useless_ -AAGH!
this man is far too robust for those pants and those suspenders are about to give out
The lady is mad at someone that she's looking at.
The color red always makes me feel angry and that's why I chose anger.
this is a dark scene of man inside a prison cage
Red resembles anger to some and there is a lot of red in this painting.  And different shades of red, so I think there are different levels of anger.
This is very sinful act, so i feel very angry for this painting.
Seriously, I got rid of those ghosts last week! How are they back?
The horse on the painting is not usually the favorite target of a large predator, in this case the lion. It brings out anger since it pits the beast, the attacker against a noble animal, the horse.
this is a symbol of a model of corporations selling out
the very wide brush stokes gives everything in this picture a very "hairy" feel to it
the red colors of the dress reminds me of anger
The man who is laying look like he is dying but no one cares. They just comforted him as he is gonna die soon.
this woman is holding the grapes in a way to attempt to be provocative, but it truly isn't working
The invaders have made landfall and have prepared for battle.
The woman taking the grapes seems greedy by the way she has more than 3 bunches in her basket which makes me angry.
it seems that there is a red filter permeating this picture as there is a tinge in the sky, the trees and on the mountains
The battle scene makes me feel like the warriors are rushing in with anger and passion to when this battle. In the cold of winter this scene is very chaotic.
The property lines sketched on the paper make me think of Colonialism and white people hoarding property.
the watermelon is clearly not ripe, the pumpkin next to it looks pale and sickly, why would someone draw these things?
This makes me feel like I am looking at a traffic jam.
A group of people angrily protest for their rights and higher wages, even burning a few things in the city.
I get a sort of duality with this painting.  I see this bright white city, something to marvel at. On the other hand to the left, I see dark and it makes me feel angry.
this skull is very much out of place from this pop art style picture
I have never seen a mountain coloured with a shade of pink
it is a lonely road, the trees are barren and the ground is torn up, like military convoys have been through and torn up the countryside
this lake looks barren with probably most of the aquatic life in there gone, it's as if there is a factory near by that is polluting it probably
The eyes are very piercing and he has a smug smile
the shadows on most of that mountain is driven in a horrific black
The man looks very angry, and his eyes are glaring
the woman is being punished to death by the rules on the temple steps
the woman is tightlipped and steady eyes, her hands are gripped, she is upset over something that's happened
there are so many people at the edge of the water
A maid in the house that knows all the master's secrets and secretly plots revenge with her wealth of knowledge
Her eyes are narrowed and her lips are pursed as if she is ready for an altercation.
The barren trees, dirt road, and lone wagon give me the feeling of a long hard days work, and not be appreciated
Its gross looking. I don't like the colors
the sandy yellow skies and the lone tree gives this picture a very "sandstorm" feel to it
red is the color of anger and this deep red expresses this feeling effectively
A ripped part of someone's face from a photo. It looks like hatred
the poor crippled man is seeking help, the "saint" on the horse looks down disdainfully on his
The fear in the face of the lady and the way the 2 men looking at her seems like they are harassing her.
The people were cast from the boat so quickly their clothes fell off in an angry response from the lord.
This painting lacks detail and is too abstract for me.
This looks like a swarm of bees covering the screen.
The dark green and black of the scene mix with the red to give a feeling of alarm and concern
I overall feel anger.  Anger starts to fill in her gut as she listen to her husband tell another lie.
His deep furrowed brow and posture with hand in pocket as he stares deeply onward with his serious fiacial expression makes him look greatly upset.
The person looked like he was mad at the world
This comes across as the woman being tortured or hurt in some way.
The battle drawn and painted with strong strokes transmits anger and mourning the loss of life.
This painting kind of makes me feel like it's using a "bitter fruit" analogy here.  Especially with the skull and all
How dare those mean boys hurt her little kitty! She'll tell her mom, and they'll be sorry!
The sun is red with rage, ready to burn everything in its path
The man is gesturing in front of the woman, who is looking up in apprehension.
Anger can be positive, and useful emotion, if it expressed appropriately.
Dark brown background doesn't contrast and display the clothing in the picture clearly and the strip of hair falling on the forehead shows attitude, inducing anger.
He is gesturing as if he is expecting someone to give something to him.
The character, and the positioning of the character, makes me angry. It feels like the image is missing something.
The woman in the foreground looks very angry towards the person in the background.
the cattle skull sits with the still life, it is dead and decays and shows that we all die
It portrays a person with stern face with red color shows blood in the face
The brushstrokes used create a chaotic and filled with rage.
the ultra dark shading on the town on the bottom makes this quite negative
I see racist when looking at this era of image, I know a black person would not be valued as intelligent
The man is overly angry at how he lost the election.
this mans dark eyebrows and type of moustache style makes him evil
The subject to the painting. a dancer, while enjoying his moves appears to be falling into a frenzy, while obscure forces in the background (represented in blue) pull him to the depths.
A strange feeling of discord is conveyed by the bland colors and heavy lines.
this apple looks like it has been sitting out for a while as it has browned all ovre
The boy's stare looks intensely devious with his head down-turned.
this is a horrible picture, did this man just slaughter those women in the right of the picture?
THe women's arm and crossed and she look disappointed. The colors are dark as well.
the factories are spewing pollution into the air without regard for the environment
it looks like squiggles were used to draw these buildings and the balcony looks like it is wobbly
I am angry because my robot invention has turned on me. I can’t reprogram the robot.
why is their a bull skull on the fruit plate, now for sure no one will eat any of it!
The woman looks like shes' happy about something.
The red is aggressive and the shadow figure is plain.
THE CHARACTER DEPICTS A BOSSY LOOK THUS SHOWING ANGER.
This image is clutter and disorganization.  The apples have fallen out and are all over the table.
This is your circus and I want no part of it.
The reds, oranges and yellows remind me of fire and rage
The three standing men look like they are punishing the group of ladies. The ladies in dark blue sitting down looks to be hurt the worst.
the man is angry and upset, he does not want to have his portrait paninted
This man has this look on his face as if he is judging character poorly.
THE EYEBROWS CLEARLY DEPICTS THE ANGER AND REVENGE.
there are a group of people at the top of this picture that are being impaled, this is sick
"Same set, different filter." Are there supposed to be duplicates of the original picture in the 24-set we pick from? Because this is the same thing with different lighting, and it's annoying; it's visually similar, but not identical, but it's rare that just a change in lighting can evict opposite emotions.
this is a family picture and there is not one person smiling in this picture
I personally do not like the color shading in the image at all because it makes the things in the image less attractive.
the entire sky is yellow and the water is yellow, this is insane
Seeing all the smoke in the air makes me think of the air being polluted
understandibly this is a picture at dusk, but that deep shade of red makes it look like this was taken in hell
The man seems to have a look of anger and tries to contain it
The gentleman looks angry.  He looks like he got a black eye.  He was angry at his brother and they had an argument. Which led him to get a black eye.
Showing signs of a bruised eye, the male looks angrily at the viewer pondering his next move.
man's desire to harness the elements has changed the landscape of this land
This man is pointing down at something I cannot see, which is frustrating.
the red in the image and the red on the gun in the mans hand is anger
It looks as if the people in this painting are very angry with one another and they are very darkly painted.
The man in the image is looking over to the woman and because his head lands exactly where her breasts are, it feels like he is objectifying her.  As a woman, I would not want to feel objectified, so this scenario makes me angry for the woman.
The chain around the animal's neck along with the bleakness of the background bring out a feeling of anger for the painting.
there is an attack happening and people are in distress
The guys in this scene all look like they are yelling and angry about something.
The man is crossing his arms, and his face looks full of contempt
because the person depicted is showing negative emotion coupled with the gun in his hand
A pointing finger is accusatory and makes me uncomfortable.
there are too many inappropriately naked children in this picture
this looks like a child drew this horrible cat and I really hate cats
the lettering on the image almost looks like flames and it reminds me of evil
The face of the lady is filled with the anger in the painting above.
I think the person in this painting shows like they are angery just the expression on their face.
this photo is just  disgusting  i mean he/ she it? has their breast shining  , so im assuming a girl but he has the face of a man and his hair is long like a womans and this  person ids holding a skull admiring it really
The sculpture is dull and very uninspiring to me.
The girl is angry at her little sister for stealing her toy.  She angry points and demands her sister to give her toy back.
there is very odd brush stroke shading on the top of those buildings that makes the tops look grey and fuzzy
the noble person is being carried through the street, too good to set their feet on the ground
Something or someone gave this young man a black eye.  Shameful.
The woman is angry at the artist.  She is mad at how he is drawing her portrait of her prize winning cow.
The young Queen sits on her thrown. She is filled with anger as she learn the truth of why she became Queen.
the sphynx has been destroyed over time by the carelessness of those invading european forces that believed in their superiority
the woman on the right is supervising her employee, rather than helping
the odd brush technique makes it look like these boats are floating on blueberries
the red color and fire shows anger as others look away in distain
The birds look as if they are about to start tearing each other to pieces.
this woman is a little too chunky for my liking and she has very odd toes
this is a horrid shade of crimson red with a weird fold at the bottom
They are praying for forgiveness under a dark sky of a deity that wishes to destroy them.
The woman has hands on hips and is maybe making a scene to ruin everyone's fun.
most of these pictures are different in their own way but this one really angered me .  this woman is being tied up and this giant owl  appears to want her for lunch
A crazed owl on the heads of a man and woman, the man has the woman tied up and is carrying her away
The men appear to be chained up while nude, reminding me of slaves.
The road is damaged that it could make anyone mad if they fell because of the damaged and slippery road.
this man with white court wig looks broody and frightening he has rage
the poor people mill about in the street in front of grand buildings and churches
this boxing fight is simply filled with too much violence for my taste
this giant tall church of Satan where evil deads take place is with fury and rage in there
The two women looked to have an argument with each other.  And they can't stand to look at each other.
The Bishop is angry at his pupils for betraying the word of God.
The envious peacock complains to Juno that the nightingale has a wonderful voice and he does not. June in turn, oiin anger, chastises the peacock for complaining, since he has been blessed by nature for having a wonderful set of feathers in all the colors of the rainbow.
the lumpy clouds or fields at the back make you almost annoyed for the weird
the men on the cart continue on past the woman without stopping to offer her a ride
The chaotic lines of the painting convey anger and aggression to me.
There is a fight between bats as they go to hit each other
Salome was a vilified character in the Bible, where it is stated that she asked for John The Baptist head, after Herod, so enchanted with her dancing promised her to give her what she wanted. This is how individuals, most notably women have influence in the history of humanity.
It was decided that she was an unfit mother and her children, born and unborn, would be taken away.
I overall am feeling anger with the woman in the painting.  It looks like the woman is marching in anger towards the woman who was having an affair with her husband.
This reminds me of when your ink is dying and the printout comes out like this.
This gentleman is in trouble with his woman and trying to make it up to her.
Elizabeth Taylor's face is completely purple, she looks like a character out of Willy Wonka
This man's facial expressions and scowl create some unhappiness.
There is no mistaking the army of invaders coming in the distance.
The lady looks angry like she is trying to get away.
the style of strokes and bright green shading looks like whoever did this had never painted before
this man's head is practically larger than his body and out of place
The random contrasting colors look angry, as if rushed together
I am angry, fearful and sad because this horse is clearly in danger and will soon be dead because of the lion attack.
The woman on the chair is watching the man with a mean, condescending look.
The boy is stealing something from the room.
This guy is pissed because his wife gives him no love.
I am very jealous of this guy and want 3 woman to want me.
They thought they were above the average human being
This painting depicts a bitter anger with a deep vengeance seen in the eyes and the tight grip of the knife.
It looks like a deranged man who might stab someone.
The facial emotion gives a feeling that the subject is angry about something.
Her posture gives emotions of guard, esp with her hand in that position
The wrestlers are fighting each other, and the one on the ground looks hurt and in pain
The simplicity of the work makes the viewer feel bored.
They are beating a person with no context as to why. The person never hurt you.
There is a big mud puddle acorss the road and no way to get past it withoug messing up my shoes.
The King is angry at his brother trying to take over the thrown.  He rides along the palace yelling and screaming for people to join his army.
Dried plants and weeds spoil the beautiful view of the ocean and hence give anger feel.
What a grump. He could personify the cranky barely-loyal courtiers of many an old story.
this is a very poorly done abstract picture of Rick from The Walking Dead
the bottom red looks like lava, and it looks like there is a massive serpent swimming in it
A woman in an angry mood. She is defragmented and does not know what decisions to make for the future.
The dog and swan angrily fighting over dinner.
The jagged red against the small yellow suggests something is dominating and a small light remains inside.
I feel a fight is going on.  I feel the two sides are angry with each other and how they run the castle and its people.
The image above shows  of some people fighting.
The monkey looks like it is going to stab something
The man looks very angry due to how the background is burning like fire.
The fallen flowers just laying there with no one to pick them up makes me angry.
the soldier is traversing the landscape trying to meet up with others to wage war
her face is like she is disappointed because something in her weding
This image makes me angry because the triangle in it is not centered. It bothers me that it is off to the side like that.
the emptyness of the white canvas and circles gives me a feeling of anger
This mans facial expression makes it look like he is angry or upset at something, due to the fact that his mouth is drooping down and his eyebrows are drawn in together (usually happens when angry)
The expression on the face is one of pain and sadness, the red color and swipes of red on his face, makes me mad.  I am angry at whatever has caused this man to be so sad.
His face is contorted and reminds me of a rage you'd see on the battlefield for your cause.
Why the heck is she worrying about makeup while she's in a nurse's uniform? That  had better be a costume (especially with those shoes), otherwise she's neglecting patients (and killing her feet).
this man is hypnotizing this woman to dance using his magic flute
there seems to be a lot of dysfunction in this mob scene
The man sitting crossed arms staring seriously looks very displeased and pissed.
The baby sleeping on the floor near this menacing looking contraption looks very irresponsible..
The woman is frowning and making her face show that she is not impressed by something.
the cardinal should be leading his flock and a pillar of piety, instead he is a corrupt sinner
Because the images are all rather blurry in composition, it is hard to know what the woman is thinking and doing.
the triangle is not centred on the canvas, and it is upsetting me because it is not uniform and centred.
She looks like she really has some fire about her for some reason. Posing for a picture but with serious attitude and will snap at any moment.
people are in the streets trying to keep themselves warm by sharing a fire in the street
The items look like they're jumbled up in order to create a random contraption which makes me angry since it's a waste of product.
These people are looking at this lady in very strange ways.
What a mess. It's like whoever was playing decided to run off without cleaning up after themselves. Rude.
The man's eye was focused in a angry intent look forward as the cigarette dangled from his lips.
I am overall feeling anger.  I feel the man is angry that he is losing at the poker game.
this man is playing violin and doesn't care that there is a human skull rolling off his table
the image feels chaotic and unstructured and the red of it feels angry and violent
A busty woman dressed in vintage clothing angrily smiles and strikes an odd pose.
He is pessimistic mean angry doesn’t want to be there
This lookslike a picture of war the other one looks like peace
I'm not sure what this painting is even supposed to represent, and makes me angry that imaginary people are being prayed to and revered like heroes but our actual heroes on Earth aren't being respected.
The small gap between the two orange blocks angers me so much. It is so unsatisfying to see.
I think the colors in ths picture are a little bold and they make me have a fire inside of my chest.
I feel their was dispute between the two ships and the one crew out anger burned the other's crew ship.
The military pomp and elaborate decor make this painting seem narcissistic and excessively opulent.
The woman looks smug by the expression on her face which makes me angry.
The woman and god appear to be angry at the other woman in the picture. The cat is running away potentially frightened.
He sneaks around like he is stealing the food.
The man turning around seems like he does not like to be disturbed
the dark background and very serious facial expression make her look angry.
The large man looks very angry and scary
His contemporaries laughed him out of the circle for his outlandish ideas.
The colors of the sunset give the signal of false joy, since it is an empty and lifeless picture.
The man looks like he is very upset and glaring at my point of view.
The boy looks like he is nervous and was forced to take off his clothes by his body language which makes me angry.
I feel bad for this poor horse that has to carry this man through what may be kilometers on end through the snow
Not much attractive trees, barbed wire separating land create anger.
I absolutely overall have the feeling that woman is angry.  She is angry at her husband for not taking her father's deal.
He has a hand on his hips and a disgusted look on his face as if he does not want to engage with me.
I find this image dull and very uninspiring.
The woman looks very mad like something is bothering her.
He has smoked himself to death, yet he continues to do it. I guess he has nothing to lose at this point.
He is of the elite and spends money on his clothing instead of helping others.
A canvas that is simply another canvas. It makes me angry this is art.
The red and blue colors used overlap and create darker tones
This subject seems like she did not want her portrait painted. Perhaps she did not have a choice to reject.
The lady is working in the field while she is heavily pregnant
Jesus comes before Pilates, while the priest keep brewing their conspiracy theories that will eventually take him to the cross. This Rembrandt shows all the drama, exerting anger from the viewer.
The red spot on the table by the head looks like blood with a figure of a man which makes it look like the crime was done out of anger.
the green colour on this wooden shape, being backdropped by the green was not a good cohice
The character is presenting an angry mood. He expresses a foulness in the direction that he is looking.
The mans tense expression and the dark colors and shadows give off a negative energy
the bright colors made it seem like an angry battle just happened
I feel like the village is angry and they plot their revenge on the ships that are coming into their village.
The roots of human trafficking??  I don't really want to type this, but it's the marketplace.
The horseman angrily pouncing on the village thief.
They were probably the wealthy folks ruling everyone else with an iron fist
There appears to be a small battle or skirmish at the center of the frame, while the onlookers spectate from the sidelines. The harsh, dark lines suggest anger, violence, or similarly negative emotions.
The man looks as though he feels contempt, like a punitive politician.
Whereas the man in the original painting seemed happy with his life and career, the man in this painting just seems angry.  He is not happy with anything going on around him.
She looks kind of mad and intense and unapproachable
this woman has the same hair style like the girl from the movie the ring
This painting gives me feelings of anger because the divine beings above look down on the child as if they have predetermined its fate.  I think every human being has the right to be free and have the opportunity to choose how they live their life.
The woman looks grumpy and like she would not be fun to be around.
why is this gorgeous beauty putting on her own shoe? she should have a bevy of suitors helping her out!
The two men in the middle are holding weapongs and look angry.
The female in the image looks like she was insulted or scared of the man nearby.
The bird is trapped in the cage while the people just sit and stare. It makes me feel angered to say the least.
the man seems scared as the other angrily looks at him
The man looks like he's mad and going to kill.
This man looks to be begging for attention from this woman that doesnt want it
The lines are very aggressive and bold. They are chaotic and repeated.
What untamed land and people have they come to conqure?
only for wight line, no meaning, so i feel angry this painting.
His crossed arms and rigid posture make him look ready to argue.
The pristine water body in the picture being spoiled by urbanisation and pollution.
this looks like a hateful nazi propaganda poster
I do not like the bitter expression that the man seems to be making, as if he is judging someone.
The red flag is reminiscent of invading armies. It feels aggravating and an incitement to panic or war or destruction. It cuts into the centre of the painting with a sharp end, as though it was a piercing dagger.
The Woman is smoking a cigarette and blowing the smoke like it's cool and not gross
Red coats were the enemy of the United States of America during the Revolutionary war and I always find them distasteful to look at. I dislike them.
Truly similar to the first pic with clearly different facial expressions
the man looks mischievous and treacherous for his scheming hands
Colors are darker. the outfit is lot busier and facial expression looks upsetting
Raw onions and cabbage need to be cooked before it could be ate, which takes time , so it gives anger feel.
this could have been a nice nature picture but the dark red shading on the bush gives it a negative feeling to it
Because it looks like the male is hurting the female and she is trying to get away but can't
Intensity of emotions in figures projected in primary colors.
it was looking for anger and alone looking for someone.
It is dark and He has a down turned mouth.  His face looks droopy.  The complete face can not be seen.  It is just an overly grim painting.
It just looks too busy and there is too much brown
The man is holding her hand and forcefully kissing her.
This self portrait of a man looks like he is angry or upset with something (facial expression/eyebrows)
the black dots in the water makes it look polluted
the girl in the middle has spectacular breasts but this is ruined by such an awkward and bizarre face
There is war and everyone is either killing someone, dying or trying to stay alive. Other painting shows comradeship and happiness, this one shows the same but anger
The image is a mess and very uninspiring to me.
this is a picture of Bob Dylan, and I am not a fan and do not like his music
Her eyes looking to the side makes her look like she's up to no good. Also, the colors are either dark gray or flesh-colored. Nothing bright.
A wartorn city sits under the fog, citizens have no escape.
Very dark and dismal landscape.  Jagged rocks and debris amongst lifeless water.
the dripping black colour on this dark navy blue gives it a negative emotion
There is something about the look on her eyes that makes me feel like she is looking down on me with contempt.
I've never been able to figure out why some poorly presented things are considered "art", and that pink and yellow really clash.
Looks like the soul of a person is angry with god
the green face on the man makes him look like a villainous troll
The way that man is standing makes it look like he feels like he is in charge and is conceited
VERY STERN LOOK ON THIS MAN'S FACE AND HIS EYES ARE DOWNCAST
the image is nothing in the meaning so anger
A lot more effort could have been put into this.
Within all the bright paint, there is this touch of anger. Splattered layers of paint, build without care. Even in a bright world there is still chaos, disorder.
this man reminds me of professor snape from the harry potter movies
The girl looks like she has a grumpy face
The painting elicits hard work, struggle, why do I have to work this hard?
The old man glaring to his side fills me with severe tension.
The eyebrows are furrowed.  The eyes are staring pointedly.  The lips are drawn into a tight line.
this man is racing on horseback with a weapon, he is a war monger, ready to kill and maim
this woman is smoking which is utterly disgusting and gross
Old man looks very serious and grumpy with his posture and furrowed brow.
The red cloth in the background brings out the angry look in his face
the lord, dressed in his finery and jewels has a sharp tart look on his face, he is smug and repugnant
The soldier was looking at the person taking his photograph and his eyes are narrowing giving the impression of anger.
The man in the image is tired from working late into the night.
This painting looks negative and like someone was upset and just threw some color on to a canvas
the green brush streaks that start at the end of the violet colouring
The look on his face is angry compared to the other one
This abstract work elicit anger. The main reasons are the square colors that jump to the viewer like an explosion, with no warning!. Red, hard yellows and blues on the side.
The swastika is unmistakable and so are the people doing oppressive things.
The bearded man appears to be preparing to murder, sacrifice, or sup upon the bound, naked woman, evoking anger towards his barbarity
this young man is full of fury anger and aggression on mankind he is a decorated soldier
Vasari is the painter here and shows in fine detail something that I will repeat itself thru the times. Just for having a different point of view, or talking about a different approach to the same subject, Stephen was stoned to dead. He is considered the first martyr of Christianity. That's why this painting provokes anger on the viewer.
with the angry looks on their faces, it looks like this man and woman are arguing about something
The painting is depicted violence which is a cause of anger for me.
They do not look happy sitting there at the table.
I feel the man is angry.  The man is filled with anger he watches his next victim from his bedroom window.
The boy in the painting looks like he thinks he is the best, judging from his body language which makes me angry.
These two men seem to be menacing this woman and she seems to be afraid.
The guy looks like he is trying to steal the baby
The wife is filled with anger of what her sister did.  She hits the piano keys out of anger.
I have no idea what the painting is about since it is messy.
because the image depicts perople that are thirsty with no water in sight
The darker statue in the painting looks mad and scornful as if it were alive.
the red liquid on that table looks like it could be kool aid versus wine
the sky has a very urine/metallic tone to it with a weird light green tinge, it is as if there was a nuclear meltdown
This Painting was Very Worstness For Me,Thats Why I'm saying saying like this.
something about the color combination makes me want to bunch the screen, it's like trying to be something but just ends up being nothing, it's pointless.
This picture makes feel somewhat angry. The sculpture looks like a claw- its red and has sharp sides which to me represents anger.
The twisted way that they portray Jesus, does a disservice to all of us.
The elderly woman looks unkept and uncomfortable sitting in a white gown.
this is a statue of what may have been a dictator in this old city
The pencil colors and big X give a feeling of being unwanted
The young business man is angry over losing his promotion to his fellow co worker.  He feels betrayed and wants revenge.
this is a classical beautiful city, but you can see the weather and rough seas has ruined this picture
Dark reflections and rigid unease, there is pain.
The waters seem to be crushing in towards a certain point, focusing their aggression
The parking layout and beautiful home make me think rich people live here.
The colours are so simple and don't work that well, as the sky isn't green and the boat isn't supposed to be be completely encompassed by water, so it disgusts me.
this samurai looks like he has just impaled something with his sword, perhaps a human, perhaps a beast, whatever it is, death is the theme of this picture
The outline of pipe and empty glass, Colors doesn't make sense.
This man looks frustrated being wrapped in so many layers and sitting on the throne. Perhaps he wants to be having a little more fun.
The image of royalty projected by this image is sick; the illumination and expressions resemble the lack of sanity of unscrupulous people.
The woman looks angry.  She seems to be mad after reading a passage in her sister diary.
As both females sit annoyed, their facial expression led by their eyes and mouth, give the impression of anger to the viewer.
the artist is angry and intense. He is trying to make his art perfect
She has a scowl on her face and a fist raised toward me.
The man's stance and finger pointed makes it look like he is angry and scolding the woman.
The man outside is up to no good. Someone stop him before it's too late.
the trees look hairy and they are coloured this very unusual off brown and crimson
The image portrays a man in pain and people beating him
The man  has his  arms crossed and his lips pursed in a angry way.
This is just a boarder, who is this a painting. This not art. This makes me angry and annoyed.
His presence was a constant reminder that her village could at any day be the victims of a pogram.
The woman's expression gives the impression the woman is just holding the kid for the picture, and doesn't really care about the kid. The kid's expression indicates they may be picking up on the emotions.
the man has an air of smug superiority, he sits in his garden in his white suit, a man who lives a life of leisure
THIS PAINTING WAS VERY ANGER FEELINGS FOR ME
the furrowed eyebrows and hard stare, plus the reddish colors make him seem very angry
I'm not content with viewing this image out of all of the ones on display because I have no clue what this is. Anger largely comes from that and that red eye on that black being evokes a feeling of anger.
Arms are crossed, eyes are wide, and the jaw is clenched so she is wanting to fight.
The big building in comparison to the little shacks make me feel like there is some unequal of people in this painting.
The painting gives me the feeling of frustration and anger because it feels crowded and over populated.
Churches were such a centerpiece in life, yet they have done little to no good in the broad picture.
The men look like they're trying the compete each other.
The man's expression in this sketch looks like he is very displeased and upset.
The woman appears to be upset and has a stern look on her face
This is not fair, so i feel angry.
the jumble of colours with the red makes me angry and anxious, the red is symbolic of spilled blood
Dark colored and faded patchy walls, poor looking bed and footrest - all look absolutely not matching to the cute royal girl and hence create anger.
I overall feel the anger between the two men.  They look angry over what happened to their sisters and plot revenge.
The layering of the color gives the impression of contact multiple times to the same area as though striking out in anger.
I overall feel anger.  I am angry at people for destroying this tree.
The look in his eye and his face
He paid her a pittance to model, not for her beauty but to make a mockery of her social standing.
My overall feeling is anger. The young dentist looks angry that his secretary found out his dirty little secrets.
It looks like this man is upset with the news he is brought and you can see fury building in his glare.
This man gives a forced smile, it's irate me.
The heavenly angel confronts the two individuals with a sword, ignoring their pleas for sanctuary.  They offer a cow as a sacrifice for admission.
the emperor is holding court, hearing petitions from the poor man
the woman has a harsh look of concern and annoyance on her face
The man's head is cut off, and another man is holding it without seeming to care
It makes me angry because of the contrast of the colors in the image.
the soldiers are murdering the people in the church
He is standing tall and she's walking way, most likely they were arguing and he was being a jerk
The man in the left hand corner of the seems to be ignoring the cup of paint water that is about to fall on the tired looking boy.
The sky looks angry as if there is darkness and rotation as in a stormy situation.
this man has puffy red hair very similar to a clown
the person's face and their hands in pocket.
Red is a color of anger and looks like its frowning.
the expression on this man's face seems as if he is unimpressed with this womans paper which she worked hard for
The man looks very angry as he's reading the papers.
The storm is getting stronger with the incoming clouds.
this image makes me angry because of the genocide that was inflicted upon the first nations on north america by white eurpean colonizers
this woman looks quite homely and not very attractive at all
The thick overlap of the dark hues give a sense of furry to the painting.
The people walking on the road should walk on the sidewalk so it doesn't put them in danger which makes me angry.
this woman is trying to change in peace, but there is an annoying little child in the backgroudn that won't let her do that
Colorful and matches the other art pieces perfectly
the man on the top is balancing by standing right on top of the bottom guy's head
The similar colours of the legs of the people make it look like they're connected, with the colours red and orange implying romance, which is a sin and I am angry because of that.
He looks like he's stealing her hairpin while she slips. Or poking her in the neck with a needle.
His head is down like a bull tring to nudge me and his eyes are full of hate.
The soldiers came storming through the village, as they had done for many days and nights.
His children completely ruined the detailed map of the town.
The person seems like they are authoritative and angrily giving orders to the other.
while I know that symbol is not a swastika, the resemblance to it is what makes me angry
The giant symbol is indicative of being denied access, which is uncomfortable for humans.
the red and black are negative colors and it is a chaotic image
this reminds me of the slump that alcoholics have when they're on a bender, sitting useless
I'm feeling a bit angry at whoever gave this poor woman this horrible haircut. I hate it.
The woman looks unamused and uninterested in what is going on.
The work looks backbreaking, and the supervisor is not helping
I don't like the way in which the color is dulled. Also, the lack of life and characters makes it look strange.
the shading on this face basically completely brushed this face off and away
The man looks very angry as he's staring at the viewer.
the bull fights in the arena are a brutal exhibition where the a bull is needlessly slaughtered
Anger has been seen between the two ship crew.  The one angry ship crew drove their ship into other's ship cargo.  Destroying everything  for the town's peoople.
The wood has to be heavy and the donkey should not be having to carry such a burden.
the very upright manner in which this woman is posing with her son makes me think she is a very strict person
i hate it so much i can't stand it
This kiddo is angry because she has to do outside work in the winter.
the industrial revolution has changed the landscape irrevocably
The body language of the subject suggests they are angry and the facial expression is also stern.
It looks like Philosopher is angry.  He has anger inside of him as his pupils betrayed him.
This image is the opposite of brightness due to its dark overlay.
The fight between angels and demons is portrayed so adequately through the painting that it causes discomfort by the rivalry between the characters.
The lady who is wearing white dress is very arrogant, it makes me feel anger.
This sketch makes me feel angry because the woman looks angry and its hard to tell what she is doing.
The flowers are not an interesting array of colours.
The man with the stone tablet looks furious.
An old man angrily hoists the slate over his head, in a threatening stance.
Red is often a color that invokes rage, and this picture does that for me
The skin tones and the nudity of the child cause apathy to the viewer for the message given by the painting.
this picture is almost entirely faded with that horrible aqua blue, you can't see anything!
the soldiers are threatening the life of a woman, they are war mongers occupying a land they don't own
The angel is feel anger for the other angel.  She is so angry she is unsure of how to deal with this anger.
This is a picture that can be positive or negative. You can look at the jolly smile, or the cold eyes pretending at amusement for social convenience's sake.
I find the shape of this man's beard to be strange and unattractive.
The man's hand makes me think that he is angry.
this is an extremely anti-semetic picture depicting the atrocious acts of the Holocaust
the nazis are accosting a Jewish man, they are the worst kind of human being
The art piece gives a feeling of angry people yelling at each other.
This grandmother is angry at her grandchildren for misbehaving her request on not eating the apple pie before dinner.
the collaboration of yellow color look like feces.
The people with the trumphets are ready for battle. They seemed pumped up.
Different shapes making a face altogether and the expression is so negative and devious looking.
the blue streak across this woman's face is out of place, the crimson colour red mismatches colourwise with the rest of the picture
the sky looks like it is going to open up and a flood will pour out of it
They are so happy as they sit upon the ruins of a fountain. No regard for what once was, only there for their momentary pleasure.
the dark and bleak haziness of the sky gives this a very dark feel to it
The man looks on with anger in his eyes.
The coloring and shading in the image is too light that it is barely seen.
His short legs are odd and remind me of the Monopoly man.
The lady looks like she is being forced
this man's hairstyle is so unusual and skittish
Global warming has far reaching negative effects to include the shrinking of marshlands.
the woman are seeking help and absolution from the priest, he is bored and doesn't want anything to do with them
The man in the center seems to be calling down the wrath of god.
The painting looks like something done by a mad artist.
these women look like high class gossiping snobs that look down on everyone
The dark cactuses feel like a protective, aggressive barrier from the pretty fields
The painting of the woman looks very angry.  Her eyes tell me she is filled with anger.
The heavy fruits and veggies look like they are placed among the delicate flowers, crushing them which makes me angry.
The painting looks like being drawn by a kid using pencil without any real shape and colors.
I overall feel angry when I look at this paining. It looks like the woman is angry at the other models for being more skinnier than she is.
The waves are rough, coiling about each other in a dark rage
the darker colors and distorted borders make it looks as if the image is melting away
death is every present, the skull sits there reminding you that you will die
The trash on the floor and the people surrounding it and not picking it up makes me angry.
his bald head, moustache style and suit jacket makes him look like those old timey politicians that would get bribed all the time
the man on the right is looking up and not paying attention to the man in white
he looks like angry because of his loos
The colors around  the tree give it an angry force.
He is not as much for equality for all men as we have been led to believe.
this is a muddied landscape and i can't make any sense of the image, it makes me confused and anxious and angry
the crashing waves on the shore are quite violent
the tones of this picture are all negative with the dark blue water, tree shadows and musty sky color
this man has such orange toned skin I think he needs to consult a doctor to see if it is infectious
This man looks angry, its in the way his jaw is clinched, and his eyes are jutting. The way his head is turned makes it appear that he is going to storm out of the room and begin yelling at somebody very soon.
The woman looks like she's accusing someone by her facial expression which makes me angry at her.
His facial and body expression comes off as dissatisfied, probably holding a grudge.
The two women are raising their hands up with rejection and conviction.
Noise and confusion exacerbated by intense color that is uncomfortable to look at.
the behind on this woman is circular with purple/peach colouring all over
she is well over it all, she wants nothing to do with the process and is wishing to be anywhere but where she is
The woman on the left looks like she's a judgemental person by her facial expression which makes me angry.
The person looks very unammused, almost angry at someone else.
this painting very crowned by humans nature is missing
The deep, dark lines look harsh and angry, the different thickness of the cuts add to the anger.
because she is trying to make a man happy
I find the image extremely dull and very uninspiring.
the uneven bars of colour make me uncomfortable, anxious, and angry they are not ordered
It looks like a great war with a furious rage.
His tight lips and furrowed brow make this man look serious and seems to be grumpy.
the military medals are a bad sign- this image has none of the innocence of the original
This woman looks like she is visibly upset about some (her eyebrows are drawing together)
The man appears to be very posh and has too much wealth. His furniture and clothing also have no taste and just glittered with gold.
I don't like the way the colors clash together in the image. It has harsh lines and is not pleasing to the eye.
If only we cared about our neighbors the same way we care about a piece of cloth.
I overall feel anger with this painting. The red in the painting looks like blood.  Blood is splatter on to the canvas from the angry artist.
There is no need to cut down a tree that has been standing for so long
An all red canvas is emotional intense and perceived like a warning sign.
The bright and vibrant color conveys an energetic and aggressive feeling.
the way this woman is holding the guitar clearly shows she has absolutely no clue how to play
the man is sitting, alone, pathetic at a brothel looking to pick out someone for his pleasure
I overall feel anger when I look at this painting. I feel like the woman in blue dress is trying to stop the two other angry women from arguing with one another.
this is a very poorly kept body of water, it looks like sewage is dumped in there
The beautiful vista seems to have been destroyed by the placement of the small village in the image causing me to be iritated.
red is the color of anger and this deep red border expresses this feeling
The woman looks like she has her hands behind her head and looks to be staring at something in a bossy way which makes me angry.
There is basically nothing to look at or focus on here.Just a bunch of random colors together.
The man gets to leave but the woman at home are pictured very obese as if they are lazy. The man isn't overweight because he works outside of the home, as it is portrayed.
the dark pencil shading style of this building picture gives it a negative vibe
The bland sheet of paper was a mockery of the crippling writer's block
The man is angry as he has lost his house and is now living on the streets
the blood red colouring in the entire picture makes me feel like I'm in hell looking at this
the red color evokes anger and hatered and there is no releif in the image
there are no clear figures in the image it is just a messy shape
Reminds me of some religious painting.  Like during the era of the Catholic Church when they ran everything and took advantage of peasants.
the crucifixion is central to the christian mythology and dipicted prominently in a lot of christian iconography
these trees are blocking what could be a magnificent mansion in the background
this very dark giant looks like she is going to pick up that topless woman and throw her like a football
The sculpture of the man looks like he is filled with anger.  The artist wanted to bring out his own personal anger into this sculpture.
As the light gets darker there feels to be a reflection of the viewers internal anger.
she does not look like she wants to be there
The woman's arms are crossed and she seems stern and scolding.
The position of the lifeless body while others in the painting can only look on helplessly and in despair brings a sense of an anger to the painting at the death.
the very yellow and metallic sky with the unusual streaks gives this a negative feelings
the sky is a weird light violet and the ground is dark purple
It looks like a Roman soldier just berating common townsfolk and it looks unsettling.
the man holding the sword is about to slice into the man below
The woman glaring at the other woman holding onto the man looks like she is jealous and unhappy with herself.
The harsh expression upon the bearded man's face evokes a feeling of anger
The downturned sides of the mouth and partial squint denote anger or annoyance.
The guy's expression looks upset and prudish, and he looks very arrogant
their eyes are piercing and body seems very tense, most of the color is brown which reminds me of dying plants
the colours are very explosive and the forms are done very fast
The man is scowling and grimacing like he is angry
I see this painting as close to reference, but people here seem to have some anger.
this man looks like a very angry Freddie Mercury
The image depicts two people arguing with each other. They don't seem to be happy with each other.
The woman looks smugs and looks like she thinks she is the best which makes me angry.
the soldiers sit and discuss their position while occupying a house and subjugating its inhabitants
the fire evokes a flame in myself of anger for who ever had make this happen
The humans in the painting look violent and that they are oppressing a helpless local.
the man looks angry with his stiffened finger pointing at the sky
I overall feel the men are angry.  They are in the gallery of the museum arguing over what paintings needs to be sold at the yearly auction.
The four people are fighting with bow and arrows
The wealthy sit idle on the boats on comfortable cushions and under umbrellas while workmen must propel the boats using long poles.
This man has a look that he looks like he is better than the others around him
he looks really uncomfortable like he hasn't gone to the bathroom in a month.
It is really intense and looks like something full of rage.
The painting reminds me of a red handkerchief that's used for a bull, representing anger which makes me angry.
The bearded man in the prim suit sits down and leans over as he leers angrily at the woman in the blue dress.
this woman with fur on her body and a red hat looks evil and with rage watch out it is in her eyes
crusaders making war under the guise of protecting the holy land
The man shown on the above image seems to be angry over something.
The girl's eyes in the painting look very serious and she does not smile at all.
This woman's style of dress and especially her headwear have an association to me to very conservative past religions.
The father is overall angry at his sons for betraying him.  They betrayed him by stealing their grandfather's watch.
the colours used in this painting makes you feel angry.
this woman is dancing so bad that it is driving this man away
It insights stress and unknowing as well as frustration
The skeleton seems to be dancing and making music
The way the man is tugging the rope and it appears whatever it may be is possibly heavy. It fills me with a sense of pain empathy. I can imagine the strain on the shoulder and the fatigue of working frustrating hard labor.
The man looks angry and is not happy with his portrait taken.
the very basic shapes of the people makes it look like a child drew this picture
I absolutely overall feel anger.  It looks like a war is going between the two the villages.  The knight is ordering attack on the other side.
The face is gone from the subject, making me feel angry that the artist took away the identity of the subject.
A completely disfigured human figure, defragmented, where there are mixed and confused feelings.
this is a very poorly done watercolour painting of people. All of their heads are pretty much just dots!
I feel like two sides are angry. A fight is about to happen because the two sides can't agree on who should be the leader for the upcoming war.
The painting makes me pissed off since I don't get what the painting is about because it's too busy and not clear.
the trees in the front are supposed to be snowy? the absolute lack of any detail on those trees ruin this picture
these runny streaks are not pleasant to look at, the smudging at the top is ridiculous
the stripes are uneven and the colours are dark and muted. This unevenness makes me angry, upset, and anxious
A half painted bar code, makes me angry that this is art.
Getting caught in a serious storm would upset me
All of the red lines mixed in with a black background gives of an aggressive aura.
The red lines make me think its stress going on my head.
The red blends on the left and fiery and hot while transforming to the cooler right side
The man is scowling and looks really grumpy.
These ruins looks like they should have been taken better care of
the men look like they are forced to work hard to control the animals
The amount of people makes me think that something is about to happen.
The woman looks like she's not happy with the viewer.
this could have been a beautiful abstract naked woman, but the face is very odd and weird looking
He has a regal look with his posture and drink in hand.  He seems to expect everyone to cater to him.
the crimson black rectangle design does not emit anything happy here.
The diagonal red and black lines take over the calm white canvas, creating a stressed angry appearance to the painting.
The male figure appears to be walking away from the female figure as if they have just quarreled.
very interesting the food put i am anger
The opened fruit upsets my OCD and it just irks me and makes me irritated.
this woman's family and friends and whole world was taken away at the hands of white colonizers
one of her eyes is clearly a few inches higher than the other
This makes me feel upset because I always wanted a tree house as a child but my dad never built one even though he had promised.
I wouldn't be able to describe it precisely, but there's an element of backhandedness or trickery I sense from this image
The man in the blue coat is filled with anger.  He gallops toward the other side ready to kill the man who killed his son.
the style of the spray paint, the dripping style, and it's dark, gives this a negative mood
the men have thrown their prisoners overboard to drown in the rising waves
Children are fighting for whatever reason (one child is seen on his knees crying) and their mother is trying to resolve the issue
This man seems taken off guard, and perhaps upset when compared to the original. His slight frown (or perhaps it's just the mustache) give soff the impression that he is a bit opposite to the fellow in the original painting.
The horizontal stripes make this look like a prison camp.
the burnt orange sky and pitch black green forest
This person seems really distressed about something. her eyebrows really seem to be arched like she's really angry about something that happened and she doesn't know what to do .
The facial expression and body position suggestion this girl is angry and scheming for revenge.
this woman is completely dead eyed and is frowning, this picture is imbued with negative emotion
The woman looks like she's not happy about something.
The person in the picture is frowning which seems to indicate anger
The mixture of the colors look like a science experiement gone wrong.
He's looking at me so smugly, I really hope somethin wipes the smile off of his face.
war and all its chaos bring anger to my mind as an innicent woman is among them
The people on the ground look mad that the other people have horses.
The beginning of our pixelated reality starts with Seurat.  He was a part of a group of artificial reality specialists.  My favorite until I discovered the story behind this painting.
I am overall feeling anger.  I feel the group of men are angry with the man in black for stealing their money.
The two black blocks look out of place in between the blue.
The painting looks like pure rage and fury.
the sky is a horrid shade of brown ruining that rainbow
The woman looks angry, like someone or something is annoying her which makes me angry.
The landscape is separated in to various disjointed section, making the town look erratic.
her stern looks makes me react to giving that same look
the cardinal sits there with his smug look of superiority dressed in his fine clothes and wearing the jewel of his office
the very odd, "Bob Villa" style shading in the water disrupts this picture's "flow"
The look on the face of the kid is a bit shallow and I dislike their appearance and the mom's.
The orange at the right of the painting does not match the rest of the blue lines.
i do not understand the painting, looks meaningless and boring
though its a figure drawing, it feels like this man is short both in temper and stature
the women are being paraded about like chattel to find the most suitable husband
I overall have a emotional feeling of anger.  It looks to prisoners are angry at each other.  A prison fight is about to happen any minute now.
this man with grey beard and hair is looking like he needs a fight he is fury and rage
All matters from the trees, to the clouds in this painting were painted in a angry fashion.
the sky is the colour of burnt sulfur and has a very acidic tone to it
The person in the painting looks angry, their brow is furrowed and their face stern. Their hand also looks very tense.
I am very confused as to what this represents.
My emotional reaction to this painting is anger. It looks like a bunch of kids are yelling at each other on choosing who's going to be on what team for kickball.
I overall have a feeling of anger. The illustration of the man the artist drew looks angry.  He looks like he can hurt someone.
the sharp angles and dark colours makes this negative
The bright red color is not very nice to look at
The shadowy evil horses on the left are making the cat angry.
The careless strokes and lack of empathy of the drawing transmit bad feelings to the viewer.
the blood orange in this sky is not very friendly to look at
The second wife came into the house like a hurricane, disrupting a routine that had long been established.
There is no logic in this painting. There are objects sitting on top of other objects but it shouldn't be possible. It's so vague and hard to understand. Some of the objects are half drawn or not coloured in.
The sharpness of the peaks and the hardness of the lines seems aggressive
the man at the top of the picture is abstractly torturing the man in the chair in a surreal and disturbing manner
The faceless man is carrying an ax and seems to be hacking away at something, how scary!
This reminds me of Handsmaid's Tale and a woman who is not allowed to leave her room.
I feel this when Moses was angry and he separated the red sea.
Muted colours in conflict with each other, confrontational aggressiveness between colours.
The woman with the red hair looks angry at the woman in white.  She angry at her because she was rude and wasn't polite for bumping into her.
The lady's body language and face make her look like she is mad and wants to be left alone
The men have Halos of sainthood when in fact the Halo was a pagan symbol and not used in Christian art until three hundred years after Christ's death, when pagans finally stopped using it.
Out of anger this man tortures the other man for betraying his trust and loyalty.
this sky is so yellow it looks like it is going to rain sulfer
This picture makes me feel anger and not contentment because they look like they are struggling and cant afford clothing so it makes me upset
It looks like the girl is too drunk to sit up and that this man could be taking advantage of the situation.
There is turmoil between these two people and the man on the left looks mad
the way he is grabbing him, you know violence will ensue shortly
This painting shows Susanna taking a bath while two elders, who previously has left the scene, come back to spy on her. It clearly elicit anger on the viewer since it depict lust,  considered a mortal sin, taking place.
The building in the middle looks like an angry figure with its arms crossed.
The mockery of the onlookers and the painful position the tied up man has been put into seems unfair, which is infuriating.
the man is bound by his hands and feet being dragged behind a horse to be punished for his perceived crimes
The man seems as if he is maybe frustrated with the piece of music. the mustache is painted on in this way.
the men are sitting in the smug superiority, making war plans
These men in the painting do now seem to be amused.
The woman who work the local tavern are filled with anger and rage.  They work on playing revenge on the men.
the man looks like he is upset with me even though I feel he is upset with himself
The woman looks very upset like the dress isn't good.
This unclear painting looks like contaminated water with decayed flora and fauna and hence create anger.
I have an overall feeling of anger for the man in the painting. The old man is angry while he looks at the picture of the man who stole his company from underneath him.
She is trying to feed a wild animal, which should not be kept as a pet.
A group of plantation owners angrily watch over their slaves, in a depiction of the past.
all of these hookers are scowling as if business has been slow that day
The people in this painting look like they are angry or upset at something
The eyes of the subject seems angry to me
The temperature looks to be very hot and the leaves are falling as the sweaty workers face the scorching sun.
The above image shows of some people who are fighting.
The almighty Zeus is angry at his creation.  He makes the sun appear closer to the city and burn the city with the heat from the sun.
The reddish dark part looks like a stream of blood
Unpleasant colors. There's a lot of empty space in the center of the picture.
the unevenly spaced colours that do not fill the canvas are disquieting and induce anger at their lack of symetry
I absolutely feel the two woman are angry with one another.  They are having argument of who going to bring dinner to the Queen.
its upsetting to see a woman be forced out of the area by other women
He's given _everything_ to his great work -his life, his love, his family, his friends. His work may or may not outlive him, but his name is now rarely spoken among those who once meant the world to him.
the dark wood siding and the ocean crashing on the right side of the picture
there are too many trees in the foreground covering what could have been a good city picture
the man looks like he is perturbed at being disrupted and distracted from what he's doing
She looks like she is mad at the sewing machine.
The items look like they're just thrown together without organization and that makes me angry.
This painting is terrifying and something you would see in a horror film! It looks like her eyeballs have been taken out. Yuck!
the woman is angry, her arms are crossed, she does not want to be there
there is a man praying with two naked children behind him
this man has a serious look on his face as if something is making him angry
The man is angry as he has lost his job to politics
It looks like the fortress is being attacked by invaders
Won't they ever come out? She's been waiting for hours for them to finish up -she can't leave until they do!
The dark undereye and rosy cheeks makes it look like she was just beaten by someone.
the very snowy and hazy day, I'm not a big fan of winter
The men look like they're not happy with each other.
The naked girl in the painting appears to be a teenager, that makes me angry.
A group of men are angry and are struggling to fight what looks to be shielded men on the right hand side of the painting
simply a picture of nothing but black streaks, nothing positive here
these rows are not even and neither are the "holes" it is making me extremely angry and anxious because it is not orderly
The aristocratic people engaged in a game evoke a sense of injustice and privilege.
Shame on those who engage in any activity that was not in the service of god.
the man has a deep dark sneer on his face, he is angry and unhappy
The man is crossing his arms and glaring in an angry manner at the camera.
The man looks very stuffy like he's about to swat somebody.
the deep dark red puts the viewer in an angry mood
The lady in the front is blocking the beautiful view behind her.
The two woman look angry.  They are letting out their angry by playing some music on the piano.
The rigidity of the painting, along with the sharp lines make it feel very aggressive
This man looks lofty and like he's looking down on everyone else. He has a look on his face that irritates me.
The two men fighting each have angry faces and looks, they look at each other with anger.
the man seems angry and questioning at the same time. his eyebrows are knit together in his angry and he has a wry smile that speaks to him holding back and outburst
The painting depicts the beheading of St. Catherine. Finally she seems happy to bow her head to her executioner, not after suffering torture at the wheel, a particularly sadistic form of physical torment.
the church has been razed to the ground, the parishioners no longer have a place to worship
The froth makes the seas anger feel total against the cliffs
The men get up in the heat of the argument to fight
the tall columns of a the southern plantation where so many horrors were committed
The two woman look to be having an argument.  The one woman is angry with the other one for stealing her eggs.
the man's horse is standing on the bones of the fallen with little care
The woman in the chair looks like she is pointing and yelling at the woman sitting on the floor.
the very dark pencil shadings give this a very negative mood
Wealthy people seem to just be harassing this old man at his door berating him for something. It looks like a very tense situation and an angry one.
The bishop here has this pissed off expression written all over his old face.
The beginning of the industrial age with its factory smokestacks and future destruction.
The lines are not straight. It's like an imperfect square and I only accept perfection.
the uneven paint is making me anxious and angry, there is no order or organization
He will never accept that this child was not born male.
the overhang of the tree is a dark shady crimson horrific red
This painting portrays darkness and brooding and brings out a scene of anger, hurt feeling and even revenge.
Red reminds me of anger but the surrounding blue makes me feel alone and scared. It is as if the red anger is on the inside, the core.
the woman looks smug and disdainful, like she thinks she is too good for the painter
The man doesn't seem too happy, almost agitated and thus it elicits the same emotion
This painting reminds me of the crowded streets of NYC.
I find the image dull and very uninspiring
this man in posh suit is very angry and he is of rage and fury in his facial expression
I really don't trust law enforcement due to their long history of breaking the rules and brutalizing citizens.
Yes, I'm talking to you. Could you pay attention for five minutes? I know that that paper you're reading isn't very important.
Someone ripped the photo up of the woman in anger
looks like a evil tyrant with those big eyes
These colors do not go together. It looks like a mess of paint and the red hurts my eyes.
Stuck in doors, frozen pipes and broken heaters make days like this unbearable.
her bow tie is way too massive for that shirt and she is pale as a ghost
his eyes are straigthlike thinking on something that he is worried and his arms shows that he is no open to any resolution about the problem.
she is whipping that poor horse who just wants water
I don't know why people think this is an art when all in the painting are ink blotches of various colors.
How the woman glares to the side of herself fills me with a feeling of tense irritation.
the cardinal represents the gross abuses of the church, he is vile and repugnant
There is a lot going on in this piece.  My anger is because of the intimate relations while is a child present.
This looks like an angry protest to me. Also, looks like Covid waiting to happen.
The woman looks like she's not happy with something.
he is hurting the bird by holding on, that is animal cruelty
The colors are very intense and remind me of anger.
It looks as if someone has destroyed the trees behind the house.
I think this represents the church and they have done nothing but horrible things throughout history.
the man is lounging in a haughty manner, he is holding a weapon, ready to attack
this design makes it look like the wing of one thousand single red birds
I do not like this image because there is not anything interesting on the image.
This Rembrandt painting is just an allegory of where anger can take a human being. In the painting, Samson, wanting his Philistine wife back, accuses his father-in-law of being responsible for giving her away to someone else.
The old man is angry.  He is angry because his pet lion killed his chickens.
This is just a typical picture of flowers and doesn’t seem unique
He reminds me of an old coworker I had that never did any work.
The woman looks like she's having a hard time picking up what she dropped but doesn't have anyone else to pick it up for her which makes me angry.
This abstract piece resembles a violent volcanic eruption, reminiscent of the spontaneous nature of human anger.
the woman is being forced to dance for the pleasure of the men watching
This appears to be a great man who was immortalized by history, but I know men, and I wonder what disconcerting things this man did with his power.
I find it very repulsive how this man is stroking his beard
The red in the image elicits rage and anger, and the man is angry as he battles his opponents.
The people are walking on the street at night instead of the sidewalk which tells me they are careless and that makes me angry.
I have an overall feeling of anger because a group of teenagers walk home from school and torment this old man.
This painting depicts pure emotion without any symbols.  The different shades of red represents anger.  The different shades of red are representing dissention.  The shading makes it appear that the anger is pulsating.
The paint splatters make me think that my mind is scrambled.
Christianity - killing in the name of god. We should all take a look.
The reaction here is pure anger. Maybe a battle lost?
His smug expression and his attire just scream to me that this man appears to have lived well off the expense of others due to his class.
She is mad and so is the man behind her.
The young Samara is angry at his leader and plots to kill him for betraying his trust.
The two woman look like they're bullying the woman sitting down, judging from their facial expressions which makes me angry.
The man in pink is gesturing with both hands to shoo away the crowd.
Some people have to work their lives away and not have time to indulge in frivolity.
the men are fighting under the banner for their king while he is crowned, they are killing and maiming for someone who cares not for them
The colors are dark and muted. I don't like how the figures are overly long and thin
It is reminiscent of hunting activities, which makes me feel very sad,. The colours are also quite muted and that makes the painting feel dull and lifeless
This shows the exploitation of an ancient civilization that happened in the past. It is devastating and brutal to think about.
this looks like another lousy day in the middle of February with snow on the ground on dark grey sky
The mother dressed the children like old people and that's make me angry. Hats are for old people, not children.
The men appear to be getting ready to violate the woman
the man looks unhappy and unpleasant . He seems like an easily angered an unkind person.
the church is falling into ruin, disused. it is a relic of the past and one that should be torn down and forgotten
I feel like the two Japanese men are angry with each other. And they are fighting over the same woman.
The man in this painting is overdone. He is going to great lengths to show off his wealth and status. His robe, hat, and stockings all convey an aloof figurehead.
People turn their back when they dislike someone so this picture makes me feel snubbed.
why is she adorned with elf ears, she must think she is very special
The purple stems in the tree looks like veins and the flowers are not fully visual.
The faces look mad and it looks like complete disorder and confusion.
this poor child looks uncomfortable and should be out playing not dressed up like this
the images present individual who seem to be desperate and waiting for something or someone to assist them
This image has very hard lines. The stark contrast of the black is bold and somewhat distressing in comparison to the other image. The figure appears angry and oppressive.
It looks like people are waiting to get on this boat and they missed it.
The man looks like he's not happy with the viewer.
It would have been nice to have seen more realism in the architecture of the buildings or shapes of the boats.
The big, tall trees hiding the view of the house and in the way makes me feel angry.
raging waters against dark skies surround the fleeing subjects
The men look like they're not very happy with something.
This image of men roughly handling woman makes me feel very hostile and angry.
The  2 girls look like they are going to steal something from the woman
The black figure looks as though it is attacking the figure in white.
the very overcast day, dark clouds are pitch black trees make this a very negative picture
we're seeing the ruins of a church in the distance through wall that had been built to protect it
The summer we had was far too short.
The figure on the throne looks as is he is about to strike the figure in red. The figure in red is gesturing at a hole or stain that indicated the figure on the throne is impure.
the way he holds his hand on his hip and turns his head makes him pompous and judging of others
A man is standing over the woman while she is trying to relax.
Hideous display of colonialist and imperialist barbarism is disgusting and telling of the cruelty humans can inflict on one another under the guise of religion.
I feel like the two men walking in the painting have set a bomb inside the local shop.  They are angry that they got fired from the company.
The man in the painting is hovering over the child in a threatening manner.
Depicts a slave working hard, such a shame that this was a part of our past.
the woman is crouched, hand on her head, she is angry and upset over something
this picture looks like it was processed with a brownish grey tinge filter that just sucked the life out this scene
the buildings have the very odd fungus green shading and the sky is overcast
bad looking peice of treash that needs to goo away
The first painting seems to be an image of treasures acquired, but the second painting seems to be someone who has few treasures and wants to take yours. He is planning his theft.
Owls have large eyes and feathery ridges instead of eyebrows. This can make for a very intense expression.
this pathetic drawing looks like it was drawn by a 2 year old
these two men appear to be plotting something wicked
The man exhibits stress within his body with his pose and clenching of his teeth.
I am upset that all the writing in script has ruined what would have been a nice picture of a good looking woman
this naked woman not only has blue skin but lemon yellow hair as well
A drunken man overturns his bar stool after his angry outburst at the tavern.
the stern look on her face gives a sense of irritation
The person in the portrait appears angry and discontented.
The man has his hand raised against the women and a big stick.  He appears to be threatening them.
In spite of the predominantly warm color scheme, the painting is rather blank with no thought of using the space effectively. This technique adds to the general public's misconception of Modern Art.
the intent expression and glaring eyes show an imposing old man
I have sense of anger is about to happen in this painting.  I feel like the people are going to argue over whats on the cargo ships.
The painting looks like someone just dumped nice things into a trash can without acknowledging who the items belonged to which makes me angry.
this girl is bottomless, however unfortunately she is still wearing a top
The image shows nothing of any importance it is pointless and angers me to look at the worthlessness of it.
The color red against black in this image makes me think of violence. The image makes me think of red being blood and black being a dark void. The yellow at the bottom reminds me of the unknown that is far away.
This looks like a young man who has had everything handed to him in life
The animals look like they are dying and overcome with great sadness in the way they are lying.
The people in this photo look like they may have had a disagreement. The man wearing the orange on the far left looks like he his about to throw a stone at the man in orange on the right. It looks like things may not end well for the man in orange on the right.
The red lines make me think of the times I'm mad about suff.
the red brings out a lot of anger in me and the black sustains it while the white intensifies it
The lack of contrast in this work irritates me, and makes me feel as though not much effort was put into it.
Their child would be sold to another plantation soon thereafter.
The man appears to be reacting negatively to something and his open mout and crunched up forehead make him look as if he is yelling
The man here looks mad and he is drinking from a bottle of something. Reminds me of an alcoholic and thats bad
There’s a red blotch that has three dots that make it look like a skull
This man walking out is being made fun of by the others it seems, which grinds my gears.
I feel like the woman is arguing with the men on how to take rob the local bank.
The clouds are all lined up in perfect order, making the painting not appear realistic which makes me angry.
It brings out an angry feeling, because it's unclear what the image is portray, as there are no colors available.
The painting makes me feel anger because I want to know about what the man with the dagger who is dangling the naked baby plans on doing to both the baby he is holding and the baby that is laying on the ground.
The look on the woman's face feels a bit evil, as if she is plotting something.
the style of this picture is as if it could have been paint by numbers
The black and white strokes of the city with abundant people reflect the lack of hygiene and personal care of the time.
I overall feel anger. It looks like the two little girls are playing in the fountain.  The one little girl looks angry at the sister and is going to slap her with her stick.
The man has a downward gaze and menacing expression, as though he is angry.
The girl's serious expression makes me feel like she is upset and irritated.
the shadow behind this duck is out of proportion and ridiculous
It is a rather dreary painting of what I am sure are pleasant buildings to look at.
I feel their is a dispute among the two Royal families.  They are angry with the one King trying to steal money from them.
These colors are disorienting and makes me feel as if I am feeling rage and looking into the sun.
this is a man sitting on a public beach chair with his unsanitary bare bottom
I do not like the blurred lines in the painting and that their features are indistinct.
this woman is slouching so hard she is going to develop back problems
The way the women is puling her hair makes me angry and sorry for the other lady
The shadow work on his face make it seem like he is two different, very angry, people
The expression on the face of the woman in the foreground leads me to believe she is being judged by the women behind her. The red cape gives the idea she is unlike other woman in her town.
The young man has an aggressive look on his face and is sitting in the dark as if he was in a bad mood.
My overall emotion to this painting is anger. The Empress looks angry after finding out her own family betrayed her.
The man has arms crossed and a mean look in his eyes as if he wants a fight.
This looks extremely upsetting due to the nature of it.
the dark tones in the sky and the very odd orange colouring on the right handed trees makes this negative
there is too much yellow shading as it is in the sky, the trees and the ground
the man is breaking his new horse in, the poor horse should be running wild and free
the bull seems so angry that he is in a mood to kill someone.
The painr splatters make me think of the stress going in my head.
Poor guy's working his rear end off for a few coins a day, and no one appreciates that people like him are the foundation of the world.
the amount of blood red stained colour on the skin of all these people is ridiculous
His facial expression looks stern and he also is not smiling.
The men are all looking at this naked women with no shame
too many people and seems they are about to mob a person
With irritation evident in the gentleman's facial expression, it is apparent he is angered.
THE MAN LOOKS ANGRY AND DISAPPOINTED, AS IF HIS HOPES HAVE BEEN DASHED.
the bright peach tones in the building and columns are horrid
The crosses look like they are burning and on fire.
I overall feel there is an angry protest going on the outside of the palace.
this woman is very angry in her eyes she exhumes fury and rage
A pale skinned lady in a white dress cannot hide her anger from the look on her face.
this man has a very curt face with dark and angry eyes
Both figures in the painting, are posed in an angry way.
She has an accusing look in her eyes and a smirk on her mouth.
This man looks frustrated writing out his paper and I can feel the tension seeping out from this image.
I dislike how this picture is different from the others, and how it isn't an exact square
This subject looks suspicious, and possibly already angry without justification.
Red color for the hill and the plain land with dark colored background buildings give frustrated feel.
The Dutch control most everything except some places they can not.  This must hurt
this seems like very angry hoard of men acting quite violently with eachother
It looks like a beautiful day by the ocean, but these women are hard at work, not enjoying the beautiful day.  They don't have the luxury of enjoying the day. It makes me feel angry.
all you can see is faded blue with some kind of red blotchy moon there
Reminds me of a time when I had groceries delivered and the delivery person was very reckless in dropping them off and lots of items were ruined.
the red of the painting and the women seem to be dancing ina fire, and invokes anger
It appears to be the aftermath of a battle. the melted snow and the scattered blood.
because the image portrays a scene of depravement
The pretty girl is raged with her anger and his face is darken with the red color.
The woman is the red dress has a mean scowl on her face and is holding a human skull in her lap.
The girl looks moody with her facial expression
the parrots seem very angry with each other and are in groups of two like gangs
This seems to be glorifying death and violence and suggesting that angels have a part in that.
his face is very emotionless and his eyes make me think he has dark thoughts
the artist is angry, he is upset at being disturbed by the child  offering up fruit to eat
The man's face indicates disdain or contempt, as though in extreme disagreement.
The flags make me think of multiple countries at odds with each other.
It makes me angry that the little girl seems bored with the situation.
This character looks like she doesn't like what she sees in the mirror
The man's face is distortted with anger, ready to lash out
The way the man with the angry furrowing eyebrows is looming over the lady is unsettling.
While not shown in the actual image, this is similar to the first just with the context of religious history knowing that there was likely a crowd which watched this event happen. But unlike the original where they were worshipping or happy to be there, here they were afraid and judgmental of someone whom they disagreed with.
I feel this is the closest painting because the coloring and setting is similar. This man seems like he could be the boy that once found joy and excitement is seeing what floated beneath the water, but now, as he has grown and experienced certain events in life, he now does not notice the simple beauty around him and only sees what others have that he thinks would make him happy. With his arms crossed and sword at his side, he seems entitled to what he wants and will use the sword if he feels the need.
The tower in the background has a sharp spike, which resembles an ominous spear.
The woman is trying to apologize to the other woman.  The woman dressed in red is super angry at the other woman for taking her family recipe and passing it off as her own.
This is incomplete painting there is only lines .
The careless strokes of the images make the picture gross.
The people in this image look like soldiers guarding a king.  There are no regular townspeople in the picture. They have all been silenced.
the light crimson red in the sky casting an unusual red shadow on that castle in the background
This child is naked on the painting, it makes me angry.
The finger points like a gun along these surreal images as if we are in a wartime dream.
wealth and greed by means of irregular means
these look like the flowers you would see in hell's waiting room, dark, miserable with a dark background
the very dark red and orange in the sky brings a negative emotion to this picture
Smoke from chimneys spoil the neighborhood living area and also pollute water resource, thus triggering anger.
The blue sheet and beautiful wild flowers look striking against the complete black, I want the black to be gone and see a beautiful meadow instead
the way she is holding this base with that left hand shows she is not a professional player
the man is sitting there with a smugness on his face, he is fat and unkempt and overall repugnant to look at
the bright red colors make me angry and feel threatened
Looks like Satan being cast to earth, resulting in the terrible state of the world we live in.
It appears to be nonsense, just nothing at all being portrayed, and it's wasting my time by existing.
The birds look like they are taking over this rooftop which would be so loud and annoying.
the subject has an angry face, his eyes are in shadow and he looks displeased
the very light aqua blue sky and very light green tree tops are misplaced in this picture
The woman peeking from behind looks like she doesn't give anyone privacy which makes me angry.
I suppose if I had to choose, this man seems upset compared to the woman in the original.
A man angrily lunges into stab his estranged lover, who throws her hands up in defense.
This image is very dull and serves no purpose to me.
All life is precious this feels like entitlement of a wealthy person
The facial features of the woman is sad while the features of the man are mean and evil looking.
this woman looks very conceited and very judging in the expression of her face, it makes me upset to look at it
this woman is too engrossed in reading her book and not paying any attention to her child
They were told to run along, business talk was for the men.
the odd brush stroke shading on this woman makes her skin look unnatural
his father would never love him because he was too "girly."
The cold stares and cool colors make the two seem distance and angry with each other
This looks like the start of a haunted house before you can see anything.
the colors used are too dark, i had to strain my eyes
I feel like the man is angry. He paces back and forth thinking of why his brother decided to steal his wife from him.
The angry seated woman's facial expression and body language evoke a sense of anger
The future mother in law scolding the promiscuous woman.
the red on the ground in the image looks like spilled blood, which is scary
It looks like the lady in the middle is trying to cover up and the people around her won't let her.
very jagged lines and repettitive strikes
the Christian iconography of the crucifixion is meant to be a clear message that this man was persecuted and died for the sins of all, as the corruptible church continues to rape and subjugate it's flock
the blood red streaks on the flowers and the dark blueberry colouring on the other side of the picture makes this unpalatable to look at
the blood red stains on the sides of the landscape gives this picture a negative feeling
Looks like they are fighting, and is it very crowded. Looks like some are punching.
I felt a little angry on this.  The people all dressed up for a nice day out on the river.  Maybe they packed a lunch and then all of a sudden the clouds turn black and they have to go back home.
the man in the forefront clearly hates his lot in life and hates being a barber
It almost looks like she fell down and that's upsetting
The amount of detail makes the work abstract and strange, causes imbalance.
I emotionally feel anger with this painting.  A group of angry soldiers are about to gallop across this threshold.
the way the sky was coloured in, it looks almost childlike and it ruins the entire picture
This almost looks like a volcano erupting and makes me feel mad
The people that are not wearing clothes seem fearful of the cloaked person in black. What has he done to them to make them so fearful?
The strong contrast of red used in the painting shape out a face and the red appears to cause anger. Add in the green and it enhances the red and strengths the anger.
All the houses look like they belong to delusional people who take advarnage of others. The houses go higher and higher, showing us the type of people who live in that. The trees make it seem like the people living here are scary
The items in this painting are very unclear in shape,making it tough to understand what they are.
Unfortunately most paintings from older time periods depict people who did terrible, terrible things. Whenever I see these paintings they entice fear. I hate that these people are being memorialized in paintings when they could have committed heinous acts.The smirk he has on his face always makes me angry.
The image gives me angry feeling because it is not making any sense to me, not clear.
the characters do not feel connected with the heavenly beings.
It appears that a child fell off of a chair and no one is helping.
the woman reminds me of aunt petunia from harry potter
it looks as if this woman is gossiping with this other woman, I hate people that have nothing better to do than cut other people to the ground
this woman's eyes are glassed over like she has taken two pounds of DMT
The red oscillates like armies moving against the yellow.
It looks like a bunch of school boys and school girls are angry at each other.  They are about to have snowball fight.
The left black part looks like an eye and the red underneath looks like blood.
The red in the middle makes me think of the stress I'm dealing with.
This large monument seems to me oppressive and foreboding.
the crucifixion of jesus and his mother stands at his feet weeping for his lost life
the sky is an odd shade of metallic purple and the green tones in the trees are way too dark
the statue memorializes a war monger and conquerer, it should be torn down
The man on the cross looks like he’s supposed to be Jesus but he was pure so there shouldn’t be a naked woman wrapped around him
Also featuring vegetation and water, however in the background the rock in the background could be a volcano that has erruptred, thus inspiring the emotion of anger
The prime minister is angry.  He decides that he will not be made of a fool. And plots to destroy anyone who has done him wrong.
i do not like the dark flowers, they look scary too
All the villagers are being tortured by the ruler. They are undressed and thrown away from the mountains.
it looks like a lot of bullying and beating is happening
this looks like a very unkept field that no one is looking after
The man is green and playing music while stepping on homes
Reminds me of splattered blood, makes me feel angry and mad.
This picture brings out a angry and frustrated feeling, because it's vague and unclear. It's hard to view the beauty of the environment.
either this woman's expression on her face is quite mad, or she needs to seriously consider shaving those eyebrows
I became quickly preoccupied with the strange way the pineapple was cut, and why it would be cut in half horizontally.
A rather short and wealthy looking young boy stands and stares forward angrily.
the pinky on this woman's right hand bends perpendicularly and may be broken
Seemed like a good idea at the time.  Polluting that atmosphere when it was the only option.
The red squiggles are dull and uninspiring to me.
the woman has displeased her husband, he is angry with her and she knows she will be punished
executions are about to take place and  seems like alot of people are okay with it
The landscape would soon be dotted with oil rigs.
They are all red so they look like they are from Satan, and they have really long nails.
The main features of his face lean toward being angry
the flowers are too dark and seem muddy and ominous, they appear sinister in their arrangement
I see fighting in the back ground. Sadness in some faces and smiles on others.
The man in the boat is looking the people on the shore with strong contempt
the industrialization of the business has polluted the environment and killed the wildlife
original image was tender and maternal, but this man looks mean and standoffish
Jesus carrying the cross has been represented in many ways by multiple artist. But this one instead Jesus is bearing all the burden, with no anger or any sign of suffering. Made by Lorenzo Lotto, from the High Renaissance. The high renaissance period is considered the zenith of  Western painting.
The lady has her arms crossed and looks mad.
the fat man is living an opulent life as a prince of the church when he should be serving his flock, not his own desires
He seems like a fascist soldier, so uptight and rigid.
the trees are WAY too dark in this picture and the yellow mettalic hinge in the sky makes this uncompelling to look at
I can't see any shape in the painting and I cannot understand what it is trying to portray which makes me angry.
I am not quite sure what this shape is suppose to be, but the majority of it being red has me fired up.
the dominate red and bit of yellow signal to me a fury and rage and pure anger of the look
More dark colors used give less understanding of the painting so we feel angry.
It looks like this monkey just messed up this wonderful arrangement by how disorganized everything appears and it makes me upset at the animal.
Without a smile on her face, she looks like a temperamental stepmother who likes to scold her stepchildren.
this figure from my perspective seems to be headless
Anger itself considered a disorder, but anger is known symptom of several mental health conditions.
this boy's face is entirely blue, it looks like bad makeup
The woman in the portrait has a very angry and serious facial expression.
The young woman has a concentrated mean scowl on her face and is wearing clothes that is very restrictive.
the man looks angry and fed up, he has a stern face and he looks like a disciplinarian
the yellow streak goes across that man's face and the picture beside him looks like a cyclops
the geomentric shapes and very sharp design and the lack of real life
I see two lewd men propositioning women who clearly have no interest in them
There is an aggessivenes given out by the man from his eyes
A search party was formed for a man they thought was guilty, not knowing the he was innocent.
The person painting looks like they are in a very bad space and their eyebrows look angered.
This painting depicts a random hostility, confusion and an unfocused chaos.
I felt angry with this picture because it is so pretty, there is nature and deer.  then in the background you see civilization coming.  and right where there are humans, there is smog/smoke above.  Makes me feel angry.
An agile con man, he managed to live a rich life from the gullibility of his hosts.
The woman has a stern look on her face as if it was easy to make her defensive about things.
the soldiers are riding to war under the cross
Fuck this weasel looking motherfucker. He honestly looks like someone i wouldn't readily trust to wash my nut sack.
There is too much chaos in the picture it’s overwhelming
Dark, eerie.  Image has no face.  Looks like fighting; splatter.
The bottle itself looks like it is used to contain wine or beer.
I overall feel the father is angry in the painting.  He is angry at his wife for not having his meal ready.
The backroom deals that invariably work against the lowest among us.
A frustrated child angrily slams her elbow onto the keys of the piano and gives up on learning this song.
It looks like Zues is angry at the Noah and is about to destroy him for betraying him.
The look on the males face leads me to think he has done something that he is being yelled at for. He looks like a lost puppy
People with so much ability are overshadowed by politics and drug news.
The man has a look of fury whilst looking at the woman
This painting is dark and ominous, it's also of a clergy member which makes me angry.
I emotionally feel anger with this painting. The woman standing in front of the doorway is filled with anger after she found her elderly parents betrayed her.
the man is angry, staring from the canvas, he wants to continue his writing
In the Baroque painting, one man of the group in the picture is the lookup in this ambush representation. While is looking over the dunes, his confederates organize the trap. Being an ambush one of the most devious of all  the tricks of war, it is only clear that the viewer will feel anger.
The children look lost and upset
I think the layout and presentation of the first image looked more professional/dreamy as opposed to this painting which is darker in color and everything looks cluttered, there's no single focus here.
these are angry and chaotic colours, there are muddled and ill defined, it is confusing and anger inducing
this naked woman is paying more attention to the tree than her naked lover
The man looks angry like he is cursing.
The man looks poised for battle and the sword is a tool of death.
All I see in this painting is just the color yellow splotched all over the place. I don't see just putting one color on a canvas as art.
this woman has either too much rouge in her cheeks or she needs to see her doctor for a skin condition
she looks like she's in the middle of an argument and is trying to show why she's right through her body language
This man just looks extremely ticked off at the woman rolling her eyes up at him.
the mud dirt road is wet and crosses a rickety bridge, it is clear that this road does not get a lot of traffic
i feel angry towards the bleak red background
The missing face but detailed body sketch makes me a bit angered.
the very odd design and the dark navy blue color
this woman is in a public supermarket and is shopping topless with her skirt about to come down as well
that banana at the bottom is so brown and off yellow it looks like it is eight months old
The dark shadows add to the anger on her face, she does not look happy.
the very odd brush technique used here makes it look like this woman has scales on her skin
all the pictures  here except this one are different in  settings, well most of them while this photo had me angry as all get out.  The pictures  shows a man  as it appears  threatening  the woman that is naked and  wrapped in a sheet.
the pink hue in the picture is too bright to look at
the war ships are overrunning the harbour and it is a show of force
the deep red in the background and the black silhouetted figurine makes this very devil-like
A dark black on red image, truly impossible to tell what this actually is.
the men are arguing over the fish that has been caught to feed the elderly man
I feel like the family has gotten into an argument over Christmas dinner.
the man seems to be trying to load his rifle as looks disgustingly
This represents the clear separation, racially of our society.
My initial reaction to this painting is anger.  It overall looks like the town is very angry and the people look angry walking along the streets.
The sea is smashing against the rocks in a great fury
This reminds me of when kids get angry and just hit with the paint.
The reason I chose anger is the carriage looks to be in distress at the roadside with a person trying to figure out how to fix it.
The sea are rough and tumbling forth to destroy anything
A icy cold day, looking at snow capped water hitting the rocks.
this overweight naked woman is sitting with a naked bottom on a couch in her living room
I am angry as I think this man may be unjustly about to cut off the head of that man on his knees
There is a man that is about to be executed despite the objections of a religious leader.
it looks like a child pressed hard on  a brush to create those smudges to look like a rock, the brown green colour as well is quite offputting
the anger and rage in this mans eyes and gaze is pretty scary
this has a very negative and angry vibe as you can see the man on the right is very mad with his fellow soldier
the woman is pulling the head's hair up in a tight fist which suggests anger
I don't like the way in which the characters and images are positioned as they look strange.
this is a lifeless picture of a grey box on top of a darker grey box
the man is angrily confronting the woman, he's spoiling for a fight
The crossed arms and grimace of this man dictate anger. He watches in spite at the innocence of the small birds.
this is a very smug man in front of some chickens
All of the red in her face makes her look steaming
The strip of grass in the middle looks like it's purposefully cut off to bother someone since the rest of the grass is still there which makes me angry.
It looks like a line to get somewhere that is very busy and you may never get in.
Just a thin black line, I don't know why it just makes me feel a rage inside.
I find the single black stripe in this painting to be low-effort and boring.
The lady and man look like they are having a marital dispute that turned into a physical altercation.
this is a hodgepodge of a very chaotic house with chickens inside that would drive anyone insane
This painting made me feel anger because the figure in the artwork forcing another figure to do something.
the young lady dose not feel happy at all
The dancer at the front looks like shes' not happy with something.
this woman's vagina is shaven right down to the hair follicle
the colors are warmer and brighter and less serene
While I look at this painting.  I feel like the knight is angry.  Out of his anger he sets fire to the village below.
the lack of symmetry in the colours gives me anxiety and makes me angry, the colours are not evenly disbursed across the canvas
The eyebrows make the man seem extremely angry with something
Catholics have created genocide in Canada. this angry lady males me thing of the indigenous children she may have abused.
The colors are very loud and random and I don't understand how this is art.
The man looks overdressed and the colors are dark and gothic.
He was born to be a hunter but there was no pride and dignity in hunting penned up steer provided by the government.
Woman appears to be wrestling horse or harming the horse. She has it in a headlock
the positioning of the two figures in the centre makes it appear they are fighting.
i feel anger for this painting, some, abuse and murder, not fair, so i feel anger for this painting.
Archangel Michael, known for leading the armies of God, according to the Christian Faith, is shown here, at his altar, still being driven back by the force of evil. Can elicit anger in the viewer, no doubt.
This image is very boring and the dark fruits make it seem like they are molded.
The red streaks make it look like something bad has happened, and the color is seeping and pooling in the bottom left like blood.
The pale skin on this woman looks like she has not had a drink in days and that they are fighting over the cup.
The composition and color pallet is all off, and it just looks like someone just smeared a bunch of paint on a canvas. It looks like there was a deccent scene behind the mess.
Using animals to pull heavy loads and humans make us angry.
image is confusing and boggling because of changes in perspective and lack of focal point
That poor pig. It's not funny to paint him up like that and stick those things to his head!
The guy on the left looks like he's arguing with the guy (Jesus) on the right about something.
The man in the painting looks angry at the woman.  He points his cane at her yelling at her Christmas decorations are not allowed.
here eyes show an inner disappointment. the red reflects negative emotions to me
The massive red in the image displays alot of anger, or repressed emotions
The man  seems angry by the eyes and the knife he is holding
The angry and unrelenting wildfires have left the mountainside barren and full of brush.
The lady standing seems to be angry and telling the other people off based on her body language.
I don't know anyone who would paint their bricks on their house with that horrid shade of orange, and why is the ground orange?
this sumo fight that eveyone is watching represent only sheer and grotesque violence
It looks like someone's spirit is being taken away which is quite upsetting.
She looks absolutely miserable, as if she would rather be anywhere but there.
very dark clouds covering pathetic cows lying slobberingly on the ground
It looks like the woman in the gold dress is angry at the one man.  She has her hand on him but he is unaware of what she about to do to him.
she seems not impressed with her life even though she lives a good one
This image depicts an annoyance of heaviness that weighs itself down and no way to lift itself up.
Tree is cut and weeds are not cleared up and growing dense which creates anger feel.
Someone was attacked here, and the doll indicates there was a child involved somehow.
The man is using a sword to decapitate a snakelike  creature.
there are quite a few depictions of crucifictions in this picture
The naked woman and man look scared and ashamed to be standing there which makes me angry towards the person who put them there.
The color red is more associated with heat, fire, and burning. While I did not feel angry, I felt like the color was more associated with this emotion.
The man looks like hes' not very happy with the viewers.
The figures in the painting have no distinct faces or characteristics at all.
these to men are fighting and rolling around on the ground
In this painting it shows a few men who have very angry face exprssions
My initial reaction to this painting is anger.  I feel like the two men are angry at each other about taking jewels from the treasure they found.
It looks like a painting that was started but someone got lazy.
the spotty squares on the water have ruined this picture
This piece makes me feel very fretful and tense. I am not sure why maybe because it isn't aesthetically pleasing to my eye.
The red lines make it look like they're stress lines in my brain.
A "T" with a square to the left of it. I don't know what it means but it makes me angry that this is art.
I don't like the way in which the colors in the image interact in such a dull matter.
The old man has a scowl on his face and looks grizzly with his long bear and long unkept hair.
The background images of the sea and boats get very lost as they have no distinct shades or shapes.
the childlike nature of this picture is quite upsetting
This is terrifying! The lady is pulling her hair and looking like something is very wrong.
This painting makes me angry because I just have no clue what is going on.
The nuns appeared to be the pillars of the church but behind closed doors, they treated the native children with the most heinous abuse.
this man seems like he has written some evil plan in that book and is quite proud of himself
The sun is fierce, burning back the poisonous green aura that has bound the land
The paint splatters and brush strokes have been done with intensity.
This looks like Jesus's last supper before Judas betrays him like a traitorous rat.
This painting appears similar, but woman appears angry here.
the man is taking the woman by force, arm wrapped around her neck as he pulls up her kimono
this man in this suit reminds me of the yuppies from the 80s
This image seems awkward and strange. The choices of things is really poorly done.
They fought for God and country while the priests ignored the carnage their religion left behind.
The main painting reminds me of global warming.  This painting is of what looks to be baron land, what our planet may look like.
The subjects in the painting give off a judging vibe. The subject on the left looks at you with disgust while the subject on the right doesn't look at you at all. This could make someone angry.
the man has a look of anger in his eyes which projects that feeling of anger to me
this woman has a beautiful side boob and it is unfortunate that the rest of her arm is covering it up
the style of how this tree was drawn makes it look like giant weeds
The sea is frothing with rage and crashing against the rocks
this man is having a picnic in a public place, why is he naked with that fat stomach?
The random and chaotic splotches of the painting makes me feel anger and disorder.
this man's facial expression and hair style reminds me of Machiavelli
This picture makes me angry because you can clearly see that there are soldiers that are angry and kicking a group of people.  It is clear that there is a group being treated poorly.
The two soldiers are treating the animals with disrespect and abuse.
Hands on hips indicates attitude so the woman is giving an air of being mean.
This man looks like he is recording someone without their permission.
He has his hand on his sides which gives him a look of aggression.
This gentleman is upset that his dinner is coming too early, I told you 7 o'clock.
Her smirk makes it look like she is unpleased with someone.
The man looks down on the woman who looks unhappy and in a position of vulnerability, she looks unsatisfied with her submissive position.
The man and the woman have the same angry expression which looks to be anger.
The red looks like a giant angry fire.
these are very weirdly drawn abstract horses that are tough to look at
Cellphone usage has gotten out of control as far as exposure to radiation daily
This piece is full of the colour red which denotes anger, the lines are also quite sharp & angry.
The young mistress looks angry at the man she has affair with. She angry at him because she found out he's cheating not only his wife but also with her too.
There is a demon trying to test Jesus which is somehow makes me rage.
The police man stands and watching the rebellion happens there.
This kid looks like he passed out and I am wondering why nobody helped him.
She is nude in a cluttered room and I suspect she is abused.
the woman looks sad and pathetic laying on the bed, she is not interested in what is about to happen
The girl is really angry and frustrated. She shows her anger by hitting on the pillow..
The place looks desolated. Too quiet and then there is the bright blue highlighting the door that clashes with the overall  earth tones of the painting..
The man looks tired of watching the two children. One child is smoking and the other one has his foot being bitten by a dog.
The young princess is angry at the people who betrayed her ruling the village.
looks like the sheeps are getting violated with scissors
the white man has coopted the culture of those living in northern africa, wearing the clothes like a costume
this whole scene looks like the pit of hell with its dark crimson colors
there are so many dead bodies in the image that have been shot
First nations member is a past mirror to the brutality of colonialism.
This native American looks like he is about to go to war
the slightly reddish hues in the sky and the blue blotches in the sky
i am petrified of this picture of massive sharp mountain tops they look angry
The position of the hands makes me think he is looking for a fight.
This man looks angry and ready to start a fight. See his fists closed.
This painting has a very dark and angry-looking sky.
it brings a lot of anger as the man looks furious with the woman's inability to be fast enough for his deeds
An angel descends, but both the angel and man have their faces frantically blotted out, the evocative religious scene a marked a mistake or a lie.
the woman in the white dressed looks extremely mad out of her mind
The excess of blue in the paint creates an annoying visual imbalance to see.
The darker tones of the colors and the random yellow line in the middle gives me a feeling of anger.
The multiple colors of this person face and the mismatched shapes induce anger because it looks like he is pissed off at me.
the dark purple sky with crimson red shrubbery on the ground
the character in the back is about to break the other guy's kneecap
this skin on this girl is whiter than snow and that red goo that she is sitting in at the bottom is completely unidentifiable
The woman looks very serious and stern as if she has no joy in her life and only rage.
The pictured person in the image looks to be mad and is frowning.
the men on horseback have struck down the man on the ground punishing him
it looks like this samurai is about to slaughter this poor woman
The man with sword in this picture looks very anger.
I sense anger with the men in the painting.  They look to be angry as they play a game of chess.
the men are trudging ashore from their boat, dragging the sail that needs repair
Flowers are not fresh, they are withering and drooping down and so it gives a anger feel.
this picture looks childish and should not be put up in comparison to the other pictures
The redness in the child's face is reminiscent of feeling pure rage
The old Bishop is angry at how his fellow priests are behaving.  He sits and reads out each of their punishments.
the way this woman is lookin in the distance, she clearly has malice in her eyes
the green in the backrgound is so powerful it overtakes the entire picture
It looks like this female warrior has had enough and is stopping this male soldier from berating a woman by shoving him away.
This is not a painting. A five year old could do this. This isn't art
It looks as though there's a bunch of people being rounded up to be killed or enslaved
there is death and crucifiction in this picture and it does not lighten the mood
The clouds look like smoke ready to take over these people.
The toppled over stool and body language seems as if a fight happened
The man is angry at his wife and looks like he about to slap her with his hand for dropping his plate on the floor.
the dark shadows on the face with the mad expression
The naughty children ruined the wallpapered walls with pencils.
The figure looks angry with intense eyes and crossed arms
This subject is quite obviously displeased with her situation
an dark cloud over an overcast sky in a busy city were no one cares about anyone else
looks like the woman woman is pulling the other woman's hair as she tries to fix it
the skull on the table is very out of place and makes the food unedible
the image evokes a lot of turmoil and chaos and everyone looks like they are fighting
the man is angry and staring out from the canvas showing his displeasure
This picture features a pyramid, which reminds me of the Great Pyramid of which we will never know the mystery.
Horse racing is such a brutal sport, horses are raced without any concern for their health, and are cruelly discarded when they don't win
Women are described as an object to please men.
It looks like the person on the right is having to kiss the other's butt.
THIS MAN LOOKS LIKE HE IS ANGRY AND READING RULES TO THE WOMAN.
the way the white flowers play against a very dark background brings down the mood of this picture
Helios is angry at how the people are disrespecting the sun.  Out of anger he decides to make the sun burst into flames and send it down to Earth and destroy the villagers.
The woman looks like she is angry at someone from the sharp look in her eyes which makes me angry.
Drug runners would frequently use these small boats to smuggle cocaine over the border.
The man glaring looks deeply displeased and it induces anxiety and tension.
I feel like the man in the painting is angry at the woman for being rude to him.
I emotionally feel the artist's work is showing his anger.  The artist wanted to show how he hates his job as a construction worker.
The lady is relaxing which makes me angry as women in this period only relaxed and had things brought to them. The contrast between the blue of the couch and pink of the dress shows this and how she just doesn't work.
it looks like there is a lot of shouting and screaming in this picture with just exacerbates the negativity in this picture
It looks like the older lady is angry with her child for what they did in school.
there is a lot of violence in this picture as this character has impaled something with a samurai sword
The Japanese women is angry with her father telling her she can't leave the family business. She decides on payback on her father.
His expression shows that he is angry and seems to be asking and waiting impatiently for someone's answer.
the top that she is wearing is very teasing as it nearly, but doesn't expose those beautiful breasts
The naked woman looks like she's trapped there and someone forced her to stay there which makes me angry.
This image illustrates someone sitting in a stern, uncomfortable position denoting irritation and annoyance.
The man doesn't look proud or happy of the building model in his hand which makes me angry.
this red headed beast looks quite smug and trite in his expressive face
this silhouetted fish looks like it is swimming in orange juice
The desert colors of this painting gives the impression of hot,dry adn, angery
the woman appears frustrated doing the work her husband should be doing
These dragons look like they are about to attack this poor lady.
An innocent and underage girl gets lured by her boyfriend/pimp into a life of glamour and prostitution.
The man looks angry with his scrunched up face.
the woman stares crossly fro the canvas, lips tight together, arms crossed, she is not impressed
This painting looks great but the colors are very dull and lacks good detail.
the light blue in this picture has nearly washed away this entire scene
This person looks very posh and rich with his hair parted in the middle and folds on the left side of his hair, and his silk robe , which makes me angry as he should be helping poor people with issues they are facing, but is instead having paintings drawn of himself.
This person looks like they are in time out in a closet.
the yellow is so bright, why bother drawing any shapes here, you could barely see the outline, the artist may have well have drawn a complete yellow square
The  message of love in the colors of anger and hate.
The angry boomerangs travel to meet their avenge.
They are whipping Jesus on the cross for his sins and he died for us.
The man should not be beating the woman, regardless of her profession.
the women's heads are bent together sharing gossip between them and plotting
I overall feel anger with this painting. I feel like there is no hope left for this couple in the painting.  They look very angry at each other and they can't stand each other.
This looks like a man of the cloth that may have had just done something bad.
The mob of slaves turning on the mean owners.
the man seem to have stubbed the lady and blood is dripping in her dress
The  dramatic gestures of the figures in the painting suggest anger.
the yellow and white on top of this mountaintop looks like melted cheese
The dark colors and harsh brush strokes convey anger.
The colors used on the children make them look dirty and abandoned, as if they were stray children
The woman seems quite angry underneath. The picture of the person seems to be infuriating.
the man is angry, his arms are crossed, he isn't interested in this interruption
I feel the man in the painting is angry.  The man caught his wife cheating on him.
this man is giving the artist a very malevolent side eye as if he has just read all of Machiavelli's books
The expression on this man's face looks like he is scowling at me.
the eyes of the gentleman and his hand on the gun depict violence
There is no smile or anything he just has a blank expression and doesn't look happy.
Her brows are knitted together and her shoulders are hunched as if she is ready fora physical fight.
The man's face looks angry and it affects me to feel angry.
There seems to be a hint of anger as she hears the words
the painting is painted in a way which makes it seems like everything is on fire and it invokes a feeling of rage
the painting represent dark winds that might destroy the beautiful flowers
There is no detail, only a few lines leaving it incomplete
It bothers me that the orange stripe in the middle is not even.
depicts many people in bad living condition that is not clean or safe.
THE SLANDING CARTOON OF THE TREE WITH BRANCHES HANGING DOWN DEPICTS ANGER.
The red hues scream anger and movement. He is going into battle.
The man is furious as he vows to avenge his son who died in battle
The two woman plot their anger against the man who betrayed them.
The woman in the forefront of this painting seems to be miserable and unhappy as she wipes the sweat away on a hot day.
The world is so blurry that we can't even enjoy what we see.
An illustration of the greed of the Catholic church.
what makes me angry about this picture is that I can't see more of this woman
She looks bossy and doesn't pay attention to the boys.
She reminds me of the town busy body who was hated by everyone.
The mad looks mad and the lady looks like she's afraid of him.
The man laying on the couch looks to be very angry.  He looks to be mad over the lost of big business deal.
This guy looks like someone that would be cast as a slave owner in a movie
he looks dumb and pompous he locks old and senile
The woman looks visibly upset at the man walking away from her for whatever reason it may be
The man is holding a mask that he is probably about to put on so he can commit a crime.
it seems as if the man is begging the other man for something he needs
This ladies dress reminds me of the dresses my mom would put me in as a child that I hated.
The way the lines are combining and intersecting makes me think this was made by an angry painter.
this woman's breasts look like oddly shaped circles
It looks like the two people at the top are invading the woman's privacy
The man in the painting looks angry at his wife.  He plans on murdering his wife.
this reminds me of the raw anger I felt at the dissolution of my marriage
Flowers are meant to be in vases and not on the table
The crowded warriors depicted in dark copper hues elicits a bellicose sensation.
the face of both the man and the woman seem very out of place for the style of this picture
I am overall feeling the mother is getting angry at her child because she can't sew her new outfit.
The intense religiosity of the image brings to mind the atrocities committed in the same religion's name.
This painting looking so warm, color combination also miss matching.
I did not see any soothing object in the drawing ( sky, nature, beach ). It looks more like expressive drawing.
the sea turtle is a reminder of the destruction that we are causing in our oceans with waste and plastic pollution
It is a shame to sea a turtle washed up on the beach to a plastic bag.
The water was mixed with blood when the sun came up.
The history of these time period pieces just fill me with frustration because to me they outweigh the awe of the artwork. There were terrible crusades that were unjust in this era.
The tablets remind me of religious text and the red color surrounding the tablets remind me of the blood that has been shed due to religion.
The reds and oranges remind me of a scary time of anger and rage
The color scheme of this piece feels aggressive towards me.
This painting looks like a child drew it and that makes me mad
people in the scene are very powerful and dynamic, a lot of contrast going on
This looks like she walked in and did not know someone was in there
The dark colors make the adults look sinister
while faint the expression on the woman on the left is quite mad and negative and frowning eyes
The subject is not happy as if the painter had disturbed him.
The red person looks like they are looking into the horizon of war, something bad will happen
She looks like she has lived a really easy life with people doing everything for her
the clouds are purple and the ground is peach colour, that doesnt' make any sense
The smoke in the air makes me think about all the pollution in the air
Orpheus. one of the many great gods for the ancient Greeks is, in this painting, being slain by women from Thrace. This will elicit anger for the reason that the killing is done as a result of envy.
The guards are trying to tie up the woman who is naked
The smog coming from the chimney in the painting is terrible for the environment and it makes me angry.
This guy looks like he wants to swindle me out of some money
the unusual formation of dots on this picture distracts from the beauty of that naked woman
The picture shows a man that has been irritated by happenings in his day
it's odd and bad i think there needs to be more clarity in this work
The woman in the painting appears to be walking away in the snow with a frustrated expression on her face.
The person looking at his woman is doing so without her knowledge
The fiery red and bright colors signals a burning inferno
The stern looking woman seems to be scolding the child. Below them, a herd of magnificent cows looks unhappy to have their forest chopped down.
What could be a nice view in this painting is obscured by fog. The brush strokes are aggressive in places.
The picture feels very angry on fighting without safety measures.
it appears to depict war between two groups and it shows the difference between people, while the king and his men are safe and secure, others are being killed, and that makes me angry because the king looks young suggesting he's been born into that safety rather than earning it
There should be a better mix of colors with these flowers
The washed out sun and harsh yellow sky and field speak of the interminably long and hot days of summer.
There is a contrast between the big beautiful architecture on one side of the painting, absorbing all the light source….compared to the people and smaller more plain buildings cast in the shadows.
The flowers look like they have been thrown to the ground in a fit of rage and then left there.
The man looks like someone hurt him from his facial expression which makes me angry.
A slew of horses lead the attack for the opposing force's leader.
the man is begging forgiveness from the older man for having interrupted his meal
the woman on the right has very odd pear shaped breasts
The mountains are simply drawn without much effort, making me feel angry at how lazy this painting is.
the whole picture is of people fighting and trying to kill each other, and someone ran over a little boy with their buggy
the red appears to be taking over the other calmer colors
This is because of how soldiers are dragging off what is implied to be slaves off to some area. The two topless men on the bottom, how they're being forced to walk, is an example of this.
The lady is in a state of anger and ignoring her dog's pleas
Anger is felt when I look at this painting.  The King's right hand man is demanding that every sign the new tax law.
it seems the crowd is attempting to kill the man sitting down
I dont like how simple the painting is, how it is just a rectangle in the middle of a canvas, making me feel angry of how this could be called a painting.
The man looking suspiciously to his right is up to no good, someone needs to keep an eye on him.
Her posture is formal and rigid, she is being controlled
The young woman is angry after learning her partner betrayed her.  So she writes out her revenge plan.
This guy looks like he is asking for forgiveness for something bad that he did
a serious looking man stares and looks quite angry
the background colors in the picture do not contrast well with the flower colors in the vase
People are getting tied up and forced to do work, which makes me feel angry.
A lot of red and bold colors, it gives off an angry vibe.
You know how many taxes you gouged from the people to make that outfit?
the deep red behind the man makes his straight face appear angrier
The man is furious and contemplating his next move
I feel like the teachers are angry at the girls and believe one of them is a witch. They plan on punishing her by burning her feet.
The rough weather is blowing these beautiful pieces of nature apart, as the leaves of the tree are gone from the coldness and the trees are bent from the wind, therefore I am angry.
When they crucified Jesus, that was just unacceptable behavior, it always upset me that it happened that way.
The blurriness suggests confusion as the red depicts violence and blood
its darker colors make it look angry and scary
It makes me angry that someone would bolt down a piece of construction paper.
It looks as if the man holding the drink is angry at the man reading from the paper.
These horses should be able to run around and not have to carry royalty
She is young but is dressed to look like an adult
It just feels like it was made by the French to paint him as a hero.
this picture looks like it is covered in blood splatter
The person looks very angry and scary
am getting anger while seeing that people cutting the head of the another set of fellow  people.
They are herding their sheep on the beach, and it does not make any sense.
What even is this painting? Is it planets? What is the line in the middle? This only makes me ask simple questions that should be answered by a regular painting, making me angry at the fact that I don't understand what is happening.
The flower shown in the image is not attractive neither is it captivating.
the soldiers are over taking the palace from the previous government
The man in the picture looks he is in anger and waiting for someone to fight with.
the man almost looks angry in this painting
the dark tones of the house and the blackened overcast skies
This person looks too young to have someone paint them like this
being nude around these religious symbols is disrespectful
this is a lifeless and colourless picture of two boxes, no positivity
Red, dark red, then light red and the only colors that your eye goes to in this and red in an angry color
This man looks very threatening and I would be cautious around him.
The bearded man in the painting looks very angry to me and it angers me too.
They young Sherlock Holmes is angry that he can't figure out the mysterious disappearance of the woman in the apartment b.
The page absolutely radiates with the color of anger.
Not much really here besides a sheet of mustard yellow.
The woman’s eyes have a look of anger
The poor family in the corner exists only as a spectacle for the soulless mass crowd.
The picture appears to be a white woman nicely dressed making a darker skinned woman work reminiscent of a slave.
His seriousness and hostile face makes someone wonder why he is so upset.
The man is narrowing his eyes in a way that makes him appear as though he was angry.
THE ANGER AN THE HUMEN ARE LOOK LIKE THIS PICTURE
This painting is just a grayish blue box and its simplicity makes me angry because it is not art.
I hate these paintings of rich barons and baronesses because while there were so many bad things happening with the majority of the public, poor people, these people just sat around having glorified paintings of themselves painted, which makes me angry.
Look, I know you're all "the family name", but I don't _want_ to go on grand adventures!
pineapples should be cut length wise, only psychopaths cut them like this
The man is furious at not having accomplished his goals
The landscape is jagged, sharply rocky with lines that are darkly scrawled across the image in a random, unthoughtful way.
THE MAN IS SOMETHING DOING WRONG AND IT MAKES ME ANGRY
I have a feeling of anger. Unbeknownst to the wife that husband knows she cheated. Out of anger, the husband confronts his wife. Unbeknownst to the husband, the wife shoots the husband.
This image shows very hot area, it seems very hard to live an animals, this heat makes me anger.
This old man should not have to do such difficult work neither should the horses
This woman looks like she is being accosted by this man
The pink skin color of the wrestlers annoys me because it is unnatural.
The arrogant Navy captain looked forward to his next big battle where more innocent lives would be lost.
There must be a better way to get energy than polluting the air
The men seem to be in a heated discussion that is making them not happy.
the lure of the casino games is great as people get sucked into playing a game designed to take their money and leave them with nothing
The perspective and framing of this painting are odd. The sunflowers seem to obscure what would have been a pleasant painting.
this painting seems to be upside down and looks like it was not given much thought when painted
The person looks angry with their hands under their chin.
Uneven painting without any interpretation looks confusing and hence creates anger feel.
The way most of the trees are standing straight yet there is one bending makes me angry.
This guy looks like he would own slaves if he had the chance to do so
The man looks as if he is patronizing me from on high, I do not like him.
I believe this man is angry with the woman for selling him spoiled milk.
There is much red and orange in this picture, which usually symbolize anger and death.
THE HOUSE IN THE IMAGE MAKES ME ANGER
The color palette, with it being mostly of red and yellow, of this painting feels aggressive towards me.
The person that is naked is too young to be drawn that way
The trees look like they've no life left in them since no one is taking care of them which makes me angry.
the mans furrowed brow and slanted eyes makes me think he is angry
The painting shows a man in disbelief at new he has just heard
This looks like the flower has been charred by some fire
His slanted eyes give an expression of madness
This painting is a bunch of scribbles with nothing going on.
The blue circle represents desperation at trying not to get lost in a sea of rage, the hole at the center of the circle shows that the fight is being lost.
She's made to perform for any to come along, all because her father couldn't manage his money.
This painting is just a black shape on a white background and I do not see it as good art which makes me angry.
the yellow colour on the dress and the four foot shoulder pads is absolutely ridiculous
there are dead bodies on the ground and another man is getting ready to have his head chopped off
All the smoke in the sky is why the planet is polluted
THE SPADE AT THE TOP IS OUT OF PLACE IN THIS SCENE
This looks like a forest where a lot of trees have gotten cut down
This makes me think how the world is only run by money
The lady in the picture looks angry , not happy at all
This boy is too young to be an officer, and it seems he does not want to be one either.
very dark and forboding i dislike it and think it should be gone
THE BOY'S LOOK MAKE ME TO FEEL ANGRY
the man appears gruff and cross, his eyebrows are knit together and his mouth is downturned
The face of the person filled with anger and rage.
Look out, assassin! Seize him! Protect the king!
This woman looks like she is being spied on by someone without her knowledge
According to historians, Sebastian, who was a Roman soldier who converted to Christianity, was executed with arrows by Diocletian but survived to be again tortured and killed for staying with his faith, can get the viewer to react with anger, once the story is apparent. The scene in this painting was also the subject of  other painters like Greco, Raphael and others. and
The teenage girl is angry that she has to spend her birthday in the hospital.
These men look to be molesting this woman and no one is helping
This painting just looks like a bunch of scribbles and it angers me.
The brush stroke is rough (especially the white one). Some of the soft tone is being covered by the harder stroke. It seems to have a lot anger in it.
This woman looks like she is trying to get away from this guy
The two men(?) are fighting, apparently to the death; The image is the epitome of violence
the look on the woman's face makes me feel like she did not want to be there
The woman is in shock after being betrayed by her husband
i see abject misery and the struggle of the men to toil up the hill carrying heavy items. and in the dark too.
The person outside looks to be peeking on the private lives of other people
The girl shows attitude and looks angry
The flowers that have fallen on the shelf make me worry about the health of the plant
the color combination of the image is making me anger
The cluttered dull colors make me angry because nothing else is involved in the painting.
Enemy midget submarines could periodically be seen on patrols in the vast river waters.
This looks spooky. This also reminds me of global warming.
The two on the left seemed to be eavesdropping or spying on that person on the right.
The fact that the shed is brighter (and therefore implied as more important) than the house, which angers and confuses me.
The baby in this painting looks very angry due to the expression on his face and his anger is contagious.
The portrait looks like an angry man staring at you.
The red is anger, come to take over the pleasant colors and leave a trail of blood.
This person looks very full of themselves like they think they are better than everyone else
This is what the average person thinks a Wiccan's altar looks like.
It looks like someone is spying on this woman while she is sleeping
This looks like a room full of people that make all the decisions of a country
The men in the painting expressing his anger and fighting themselves.
This child looks like she is not being looked after by anyone
This lady should not be standing and putting so much pressure on the horse
There is just so much red here. It's almost anger-inducing how overwhelming red that smear is.
if looks could kill this man in blue jeans  looks evil and in fury
He just looks like he's about to be angry about something
the smudgy orange hue in the background, trying to be the shades of the sun, and the dark side landscape
The picture shows a man eager to defeat the enemies in battle
The painting looks like it was created in a rage,
The splatters on the painting look aggressive which makes me think that the person who painted it was angry and that makes me angry.
the mismatch of shapes and objects cause confusion and anger
The slashing of colors, the overlapping of colors as if they are fighting one another
the intense frustration in his eyes gave me a feeling of anger
The lady in picture has been kicked out of her household
the dark streaks up and down the side of the page give a similar vibe to the movie "The Ring"
Those who build their houses on the top of mountains will always see others as below them.
This shows the pilgrims which had decided to steal someone's land and make it their own
This guy looks angry because he can't find a way into the building.
The lady is super angry at her friend's dog for chewing on her new dress.
The man is angered by his wife having left him as shown by his frown
The way they drew the grass is unappealing.
This painting looks like the woman standing is pointing out things the other woman missed doing her chores
one man pleads with the other for something but instead just makes him angry
The man's downward gaze makes it look like he's disgusted by me and looks down upon me which makes me angry.
The baby in this drawing looks very angry that he is being drawn.
the head tilted back, looking down his nose from the canvas. You can see that he believes himself superior
the little baby looks angry makes me angry too
This man is overtly pious and preachy
There is an annoying disjointedness about this painting.
The horse gives off that he doesn’t want to be tamed, wanting to be free yet knowing that the man is getting ready to tame him. The chaos surrounding him, the dog barking at him and the items knocked over add to the anger of the piece. It directly contrasts with the calmness of the background, where another horse has given into his rider already.
The horse appears to be very agitated and has probably been stolen. Clearly the theif if trying to load it with his ill gotten gains.
There is too much red in the painting and it looks angry.
A noble man in an open dominating position. The dark colors, pose and facial expression give it a more serious feeling than the chosen one.
the person in the background pointing down with a stern look expresses anger
the lady who is Japanese looks in fury and rage she is very angry looking
I can imagine all of the control someone had to be going through during these periods.
The image is broken and has sharp angles and big black eyes.  This, along with the colors, especially the reds, remind me of anger.
this images is not like because very bad drawing
The picture shows two ladies quarreling over their differences
The lady in the painting expresses her anger in her face.
Rolling your flower cart out in front of the approaching streetcar is really rude.
The yellow piece is slightly smaller than the orange one and is angering me.
The two people look like they are leading the cow to slaughter
It seems quite chaotic in this painting whereas the other is organized. With no clear image, I sense frustration..
These flowers look like they have not been taken care of at all and need to be thrown out
the image seems to depict a riot or attack on the structure
This guy looks like he feels like he has power over me
this man has an ugly smug face, he is looking down his nose at the viewer. He has a hateful face.
It is a beige empty color and the lines are jagged and uneven giving the appearnce of being drawn in a fast and unhappy way.
This man looks evil and dark as if he would throw anyone in his way under the bus per say with his grumpy demeanor.
Seems very snotty and better than everyone else. Noble.
The picture shows two men having a disagreement
The picture shows men congregating and sharing in their disbelief at the current situation
Dark heavy weighted lines that of anger with dark smudges from ink that did not even have time to dry.
THE SWORD AND MANY PEOPLE GETTING ATTACKED RESEMBLES ANGER.
the reactionary faces on the people on the right clearly indicated that this woman on the left was not invited to this dinner party
the man seems to begging for something from the other man
He looks like he is telling someone to kill that animal
The two farmers standing are beating a person sitting on the ground who is looking desperately toward the sun for some sign of hope.
The shapes look like the artist was mad when this was made.
the aggressively shaped mountains, and hill tops, in this artwork gave me anger
The woman gets angry at her dog after she turns her head away for a minute.  The dog decided to run off with the pie.
The image is dull and it does not inspire me.
The Cola logo reminds me of advertising destroying art
This lady shown is full of jealousy and rage at her cheating husband
She looks to be smoking opium which is really bad for people
This girl is very young to be painting nude.
It's hard for me to even see this as a painting.
The guy in red looks like he needs to be the center of attention
Look at her body language -someone offscreen is making her very not happy. If she isn't angry yet, she's gonna be.
The cracked tiles on the ground look destroyed which makes me feel angry .
the two men sit there arguing and they are visibly upset
The woman seems angry no one wants to sit next to her.
He seems strict tempered; fully clothed when others are naked and vulnerable.
the industrialization of the world angers me as it destroys beautfiul ladscapes
As someone who likes to keep there grass looking fine, the grass in this picture looks like it needs cut and that frustrates me.
The increasing number of lines and the way they overlap from the top to the bottom of the painting suggest an increasing amount of rage.
It looks like the man is trying to ruin the woman's honor and virtue.
The people in the painting appear to be angry
The man pictured is full of anger and asking for answers from the Lord
The image resembles the same but exhibits anger emotion
This old man looks very grumpy and tired of everyone and everything around him.
it looks like a bad scene very blurry and ugly
The sky looks gloomy and a storm is approaching. The clouds look like they are ready to explode.
This looks like someone is spying on this woman and creeping on her
The dark remnants of a colonialist history that is never taught in our schools.
There is no hint of amusement or contentment on his face not even in his eyes. He looks as if he is anger for bothering him will working
they appear to be arguing with the man below making a clenched fist in anger
the man appears to be stabbing the world while the angel is trying to save it
This woman looks too young to have an image like this painted of her
the encampment on the plains is disrupting the natural landscape
The painting makes me feel anger because the man appears to have a stern look on his face like he’s upset
the naked boys had been taunting the shy girl all day
the artist put no effort into putting details tothe leaves so he made a green smudge for a tree
The settlers were slowly moving in and would ultimately take all the land from the natives.
She is not holding these babies well and they could fall
The woman's sharp eyes seem quite aggressive and filled with fury
The use of red and black with a shape that is almost a warning to not enter are not welcoming.
The man in the pictured is angered by being wronged by his business partner
The woman is extremely angry over probably nothing at all.
The Asian warrior is angry that his teacher was killed by another student.  Out of anger the the Asian warrior seeks revenge.
because everyone in the image looks attacking others and want to be escaped from the group.
She looks like she has been forced to sit topless for this painting
The woman appears to be overworked and is in a state of despair as the children crowd around her.
The young woman is angry after she learns she is being fired from city council.
the features on the woman's face show are disgruntled and mean
these two men are trying to force this lady to do something she doesn't want to do
The figure in red has died and his life was one full of sin, so the angels are fleeing him.
This man is angry at his wife for letting him layout in the sun and get sun burned.
The teasing men look as if they are assaulting her, and she is not good. I want to fight the men away.
The clouds are angry and the water in winded out in front of the boat which gives off an agitated feeling and not calm.
the red of the man's face looks like angriness, and the dark shadowing looks scary
the man is bent over his desk, trapped in an office until late hours of the night
The bright orange color of the woman's body makes it look as if she has been abused, and the look on her face makes it seem as though she has resigned herself to more abuse.
i don't like black contrasted with the pastels
The man whose leg is on the table is threatening the other person.
The face shows contempt in the lips and how they are portrayed.
There are so many people crowded together and I felt angry because I can't group up with my friends due to COVId 19
This makes me think about people killing these cows just for food
Anytime there is smoke in the air all I can think about is air pollution
The chimney is releasing a lot of smoke polluting the air,
The foundation of that structure is just asking for an accident to occur, and it seems a lot of money has been invested into it.
The person in the painting looks like he is staring someone down.
the moon shining down on dark mountains in a thick crimson sky
This man looks intimidating and I would not want to mess with him.
the woman looks annoyed and over worked as she works
She looks like she has gotten everything she has wanted as a child
The woman is breaking the floral arrangement into pieces out of anger.  She throwing the petals into the air.
In this picture the prince looks is anger which transfers the feeling of anger.
The picture shows boats/ships that are emitting a lot of smoke polluting the evironment.
the haze in the sky has turned the entire streets a blood orange red
The smearing of red is symbolic of blood spilled during a violent act
I feel anger when looking at this painting because it is typifying the man-on-the-street's idea of "Modern Art". Rectangular shapes are scattered on the pictorial space with little structural or color scheme planning. This is boring!
The young judge is angry at his wife. So he orders to have her killed.
It looks like someone was trying to draw a straight line, but failed and started scribbling in anger after they failed.
The painting shows acts of violence and death amongst angels and men
the woman in the front with her scowling face and arms crossed
Seneca was ordered by Nero to commit suicide and viewers to this painting by Rubens may feel anger for the way Seneca choose to raise a protest against Nero.
The man looks angry and his eyes are looking cunning.
There's no movement and the colors are sad. It feels like a person being held down.
the old man has a growl on her face showing off anger
the chief Indian is ready for war in his eyes is a look of fury
really could have been painted better, i have seen better displays than this.
A person who is as convoluted as the desk in front of them still has tasks they feel they must do.
The girl  is feeling angry over the person who is sitting opposite to her.
The old man on the right side has this furious expression over his face and he looks very upset.
someone did not want to reveal what they were painting and did not want to share full picture
The man's advances on the woman makes me think of letcherous men putting their hands on me without permission
The smaller figure seems to be abusing the person who carries him
These people seem to be having more fun than I have had in a while
there is an odd hinge of yellowing on those trees that make them look sickly
The light green paint on the mountains, covering the blue makes me angry.
in this picture the two people looks like they are angry at each other
Hostility and anger is felt between these two young ladies after the one lady betrayed the other woman with being invited to an important luncheon.
The picture shows a lady who is still thinking about her husband who cheated on her
this woman's breats are misshapen and she has the behind of a very large animal
The image is very dull to me and uninspiring.
This is just a picture of a white stick and it angers me because it is not good art.
The man has a look of jealousy as his comrade received a promotion instead of him
I cannot make out any part of that image so I feel frustrated looking at it
the angry prince turned into a pile of books
The big X by itself showcases much anger and rage.
not art and something that my child does without trying.
The cross is normally a bad sign
The young man is angry that the bank didn't approve his loan to buy the house.
The red and yellow with the pieces of a person.
The man has a bitter expression that shows his contempt towards his enemies
The lady is angered by her husband who will not cater to her needs
The young princess is angry that she has to dress up. She rather be in ratty clothes and be out playing in the dirt with her brothers.
The sky looks brown like the air is really polluted here
the deep dark shades of red gives off a feeling of anger
Red sky show anger.And blue and pink water are disguting.
These people look like they need everyone to pay attention to them
This painting shows two people that are fighting.
The crowd looks violent here. It's very anger-inducing, especially given that the title is "Cruelty in Perfection." I think these people murdered that woman.
The man standing there is planning something bad for someone.
the large red dot infuriates me and the blackness engulfs me
This man appears confrontational and patriarchal, standing so rigid
This looks like a fancy restaurant that barely gives you food and charges a lot
This gentleman looks very upset, angry and unhappy with his job
The colors are done in a way that makes it look like fire
The heavy eye make-up, the attitude with which she views the mirror induce anger feel.
These people look like they have lived an easy life and make people do things they can already do
The writing is not in English so I can not read it.
This woman is protecting her child from this man who looks as though he going to take it with force.
The plants on the table are out of the plant pot which makes me angry.
The one man looks to be angry with the other man for betraying his trust while I look at this painting.
The sky looks like it is on fire with rage, burning down on the people.
Anger felt between the two ships.  Later canons and firing pistols are heard between the two ships.
Someone spends way too much of his life living off the backs of others.
The man is  angry while sitting off to the side away from the others.
The horses have facial expressions indicative of involvement in battle.
A praying person is about to be beheaded.
The worker looks angry as he appears to be yelling with his mouth gaping as he hacks away the land around him with his scythe.
Even though the girl is only a kid, her parents still made her shave her eyebrows for the painting and she is not pleased.
The lady's high raised pinky looks sassy and rude.
The man is angered as his wife has not come back home
The narrowing of the man's eyes implies that he is angry.
The chaotic nature of the art and splash marks feels like the artist was angry with his medium and put that emotion into their command of the brush.
the red makes me angry and the purple makes the mood solemn
The painting ignites the feelings of anger and annoyance from the chaos and darkness and lack of a focal point.
I fear the King ordered these men to over work these men because he was angry for them taking his private vegetables.
This man looks like he is smothering this woman who is on her knees.
The man is furious as he has not been chosen for a work project
The sketch looks unfinished, as the artist either gave up in frustration or felt bored of the piece.
the black colouring and the shape of this structure reminds me of a fox's tail.
The woman  is turned away as though in anger or fear.
The woman appears to be hurting from the action of the man - her face does not look contented or happy
The color vomit on the page glows red as if to say that it is angry.
The women's face look like she is  anguished and does not want to be there
The rainbow color land makes the picture a bit unworldly and erratic
the smug jester on the lady's face in this painting gave me a feeling of anger
At first glance it looks as if the woman lying down has been killed because her hair strewn about behind her looks like blood.
My overall feeling for this painting is angry. The Samara is angry after this blue serpent ate his wife.
A man is dating tow women it was a good thing, its unofficial
This picture shows two people flying making it seem happy but she is clearly about to die
This person looks like someone that people listen to blindly
The person in the art looks like a soldier and he is ready to beat opposite person with anger.
It looks like these people are all gathered protesting.
The painting represents a session of the Ecumenical (Christian) Council of Costantinople, where the main resolution was to reject Nestorianism (those who believe that Jesus was two different entities, instead of one). Which brings anger in the viewer, knowing this resolution, due to intrinsic inflexibility of the Christian dogma.
The dark pieces are breaking apart from each other, as if a person who is battling two parts of themself. One is trying to join the brighter orange path and one is trying to join the anger and hurt.
The building looks mad and has a cemetery behind it
This guy looks like he is in great shape and I hate that as I am a chubby guy.
The kidnapping and abduction of young women for sex trafficking has reached an alarming level throughout the world.
The girl's green sweater and orange skirt don't go well together, it bothers me.
It looks like someone is intruding on this poor woman as she is startled and upset of being walked in on while naked.
the people are rushing through the city in the snow covered streets, there jackets are thin and they are unprepared for the cold
I told her to take care of this garden! Look at this mess!
These men tying up this bull and it looks like the bull is struggling.
the water is this gross dark blue green algae color and the tone of this whole picture is very negative
The style of the V's remind me of the 70's Viacom logo.
The animal in the painting is expressing his anger and rage.
not for me i dislike it and wish to see it no more
It looks as if a menacing storm is approaching, as if God is angry.
this young powerful young lad is very evil in his gaze and look the body language looks like he is in fury
In this picture, Two males fight for one female.
This woman looks way too young to be in a painting like this
The man looks rugged and musty. The woman is angered by his actions.
The lady pictured is frustrated at her outfit and is in discomfort
That horse does not look like it has been fed in a really long time
It looks as if the man is attacking the house with an axe.
This woman looks like she does not the advances of this guy
The snow in this image represents bitter cold and the trees all appear to be dead.
the image shows someone above the spectators with their hand up, it creates a sense of anger coming from the higher individual
The body language of this lady with her arms crossed suggests that she is dissatisfied
the painting does not have any musical instruments
The twisting collage is infuriating in a way that is befuddling.
This gentleman looks annoyed and angry at something that just happened and is staring intently at it.
There are men in the cemetery and they are up to know good. The man is being told to dig his own grave and he is begging for mercy.
It looks like she is bothered by him standing so close.
The person in the picture looks grumpy and angry.
This guy looks angry because he is wearing a dress.
The trees look like angry smoke coming from the land
The men are fighting with bodies all around them
this person looks like they have been starved for weeks
This artwork looks almost like a king commanding over his slaves and creates anger for the abuse
This picture looks like a north korean leader who treats his own citizens poorly.
The woman, her baby, and the cherub on the right all have the same robotic, creepy face.
ugly and sucks i dislike it its off
the church standing alone in the landscape is a reminder of the power the church holds
The blue and red hurt my eyes when I look at it too long.  It is garish and reminds me of blood.
It looks like the artist was really mad or hostile when painting this.
I don't like the different colours used in the painting; they just simply do not work together for me and looks like a mess to me.
The figure of Christ is at the bottom of the picture, as if he is looking away and ashamed of the people above him.
It looks like a large loud debate being held in a huge courtroom.
This woman isn't smiling like most of the other people, and her arms are crossed which might indicate she frustrated about something.
Such a beautiful place ruined by a cutdown tree on the bank of the river,
It was the least like the other paintings. The others had rectangles and squares that were completely solid with color. This one had three lines with two colors, the rest empty paper space.
The way this woman is depicted with her legs open and apart makes it seem very inappropriate
Anger because this man committed some crime that hurt someone else.
THE IMAGE IS DIFFERENT AND IT MAKES ME ANGER
It seems like the man is angry at the animal.
I find the image very dull and it does not inspire me.
the wide brushstrokes and dark black colour of his suit
I want these horses to be able to run around by themselves and not being ridden
the place is very dirty so clean two peoples
The picture shows a man with an axe waiting to take his revenge
There does not appear to be anything happening in this painting. It is just various shades of dark blue which angers me.
The way the colors are used in this image makes me feel anger. The splotches of blacks and browns makes me think of someone who is upset.
As a viewer, I feel anger for this painting. This is the results of a boring, top-heavy still-life composition with generic flowers in an empty sky-like background. The flowers appear to be deteriorating  before our very eyes!
deep rich red is the color of anger
The yellow is harsh, and long red and yellow drips speak of neglect and disarray.
The religious vicor on  the left has a very stern face bordering on anger..
It should be fine to show nudity especially of a female.
Lady in the image looks very old in nude makes me feel disgusting
the lady that is standing up is being mean to the other one
Bullet is waiting to kill a person and take away life.
this man looks scary he is in rage and fury and i find him frighting in his size and evil look
He's all, "Sorry babe, I'm with her now. We had a nice time, though, right?"
the two seem to be upset with one another and are looking in opposite directions with bad faces.
the brushstrokes on the woman's dress makes it look like she is wearing a fur dress
The farmer is angry that children keep playing in his field. And to pay attention to the sign stating private property.
In this image both male and female are nude it was good but it was not realistic
The house looks like it is in danger of a forest fire or some menace coming in the clouds.
The eyebrows on the woman looks a little angry to me.
The town prepared the center plaza for the hangings.
This person should not be looking at a woman this young naked
It seems as though this man and horse have died and they are happy about it.
The man is looking down angrily, and the tone of the piece is quite serious
the bricks remind me of all the roadblocks I've encountered in m life, everything that's tried to stop me from moving forward
The place looks dark and the emotion feels very anger.
I do not see this painting as art because it is just a blue box.
I hate the pirates as they stole from inno
The red and orange colors convey an angry sensation. Also, the black in the middle represents an emptiness that also makes me feel anxious with anger.
This guy seems to need to be the center of attention in town
This looks like someone is tied up against their will
The man looks angry as if he is about to attack someone
There are a lot of weird things going on in this photo that do not go together.
It appears that the men have plans to cause harm to the seated man.
the colors and shadows  makes the painting look fearsome
The child looks like someone just took her last lollipop.
the odd brushstrokes on the water makes this swamp look hairy
Group of people sitting in a category caste wise that shows differentiate between upper and middle class.
The King is angry at his daughter for betraying him.  So he decides to lock her in a tower for being disloyal to him.
something about these colourful strokes that mimics an angry face.
Not much effort went into creating this image.
the lines used to create his face makes him look angry and imposing.
I don't like how there is a pattern on the back becuse it takes mmy eyes off the front objects.
the crimson coloured clouds and black seas give this a negative emotion
The darn water is too low to sail today boys.
All the red in the snow looks like a lot of animals have been killed
the ruling power of the corruptible church, using is morality to rule over and punish the masses
The servants are angry at the King and Queen and how they cut their wages. They talk in secret on how to get pay back.
The woman is being held and tortured. She sees the men attacking her as beasts.
The woman looks angry behind the man while the man is telling about the dirty magazine in his hand
The man's face looks smug like he thinks he is better then whoever he is looking at.
These trees look like they are not well taken care of and need help
The palm tree is blowing to the side and the water looks to be agitated and the clouds look angry and stormy
This looks like an advertisement that is blatantly using nakedness to sell something
death and destruction at the hands of those who claim to be christians
It looks like someone is spying on the this woman taking a shower
He seems to be a lazy man who does nothing but sit on the couch all day.
The stained glass and window was completely destroyed for nothing.
This guy looks like he thinks he has total control over a group of people
The lady is in disbelief at what war has done to her village
The remote surroundings of the Egyptian dessert has been repeatedly used as a location for the temptation of famous Christian, and non-Christian subjects. In this case St. Anthony, as well as Jesus, are invited to sin by devils. It represents the fact that, sometimes, people fail to their moral principles when the occasion provides intimacy.
I dont like how this beautiful country road has to end at the mountains, as it is drawn in first perspective, so I feel angry.
The young woman looks as if she is being punished, and I want her to stop.
International smugglers make a toast in secret to commemorate another successful year of business.
The lady has a look of contempt towards those who had wronged her
The angry red sky seems as though it could erupt at any moment.
This looks to be someone watching a woman sleep without her knowledge
From this tree a man was lynched only two days earlier.
this couple is walking in the middle of the street amongst the cars without any abandon as if they can do what they want
It looks like the artist was angry or heartbroken when this was made.
The thick black paint strokes are conflicting with the brighter strokes
the apple in the back looks like its rotted out and the pear looks like hair is growing on it
The one fruit out of the basket makes me angry since it's not included in there which makes me angry.
That one dark blue line at the bottom ruined the painting from being fully light blue.
The way she is leaning away means she does not want this kiss
This woman looks like she is being taken advantage of for this painting
the artist made the picture too hazy and it is hard to see any of that bridge
the womans expression is that of anger, slight anger yet angry regardless
this portly old bald man reminds me of my friends father whom I don't like
This man looks upset and uncomfortable with how his face shows no joy and his brows furrow deep.
The light figures are being overtaken by shadow, and red. They try to maintain calm but they are being engulfed.
the deep red elicits a feeling of anger
The way this man is sitting naked looking into the painting with the woman in the background and the red and white chair makes me think he is going to kill her.
Seeing someone dressed like this makes me think of the people who tricked the American Indians
So many distractions found in this image.
Her expression looks like she is upset with someone.
The fast lines and make the movement seem rapid and fight like The reds and brown in the lower half seem inflamed. While the horse seems like it should represent death
There is not one person of color depicted as a holy figure
Can be seen that he is not happy by looking at his arms crossed.
That smug vile look on his face makes my stomach churn and makes me think he has done something devilishly sinister. I grow tired of his antics already.
It looks like this baby is smoking something and babies should not be doing that
Even though this is a sketch you can see that the man is angry by the narrowing of his eyes.
This bottom painting makes you think he was looking at the woman who obviously looks like she's happy that she won the arguement with him and he looks pissed and resentful because she did and is contemplating a way to get even with her
It looks like someone is spying on this woman while she thinks she is alone
The painting looks like it's scribbled and not perfectly organized which makes me angry.
The man is frowning with incredible anger in his eyes.
just scribles on a page i dislike it i am aginst it
This room has no diversity and only white people around
The two people in this scary place just standing there doing nothing makes me feel angry.
the yellow, reddish sky is bright and fiery like a fire.
the multitude of shapes, in conjunction with the assortment of different hues in the artwork gave me anger
It reminds me of slapping a wall with a paint covered hand and just making a mess to make a mess
This painting makes me feel angry because there is a beautiful mountain there but I cannot see it.
The man in the painting is bitter at his cheating wife
this is an angry boss pissed off at his subordinate through his body posture, hand on hip and scowling face
The wife is angry at her husband and starts yelling at him in front of their guests.  She angry because her husband made her look like a fool at the party.
The vomit of ink upon the canvas doesn't seem to represent anything, as if to attack the viewer.
The painting shines with the colors of black and yellow as if looking into an old toilet.
Mark Zuckerberg does not seem pleased that he has to lead around a steer. Perhaps this is why he created facebook?
the very odd dark purple shading at the top of the mountain
The young husband is angry to find out the man living inside this mansion slept with his wife.  So he decides to march up to the front door and confront him.
This woman appears to be of high status and with a charmed life, but looks so utterly bored.
The person by the tree looks like they are harassing a woman trying to sleep
The lady has a haughty expression, as if she believes she is better than all of us.
The man has a hostile expression on his face.
This looks like raw meat and a cow had to die for someone to enjoy it
The fact that the box in the bottom left of this painting is not in the center makes me angry.
this picture is dumb, it's just squares; I hate when people call this art
i see a red drink with a straw this is poison and do not drink under any circumstances i am in rage
This reminds me of Parliament in London and I absolutely hate politicians because they just lie and scam and deceive the innocent people of the country and make fake promises, which makes me angry.
The red signifies anger and bloodshed associated with violence
The incomplete nature of this painting is off-putting. The shapes look half-hazardly pasted on the canvas.
When I think of slave owners, people that look like this pop into my head
it looks like someone simply used a very bright blue highlighter marker to colour in that field
Pictured is a girl angry at her parents for breaking a promise
Can't you have a little decency? She died because of you.
this king in picture looks crazy and harmful in his gaze he is in fury
This guy seems like he is very mean to people that dont deserve it
this woman has a luscious right breast and it's upsetting that that child is covering up the other one
it looks like the top of the page is bleeding or melting this odd orange red goo
The lady has a look of jealousy as she lacks trust in other women
This person looks like they were chained up unnecessarily
This painting portrays our Lord Jesus after being crucified. This promotes anger because our sins put him on the cross, and anger towards the Roman's who tortured and killed him.
The color of the air in this town makes the air look very polluted
This guy looks he has more money that I will ever see in my life
This looks like a time these women are having that I should not be able to see
The man who is crowned exhibits his anger and rage in the painting.
The man with long horns in this painting looks very angry.
The old man has these eyes that appear very displeased and furious.
The man appears to have looked away from someone in anger.  His body is tense and his head turned away.
It looks like we are invading her privacy and should leave her alone
The space in the center seems to imply polarization, two sides separated
The faces on the people in this painting are of anger, madness, etc.
The man appears to push the woman down in a fit of anger.  She seems as if she can't do anything to help her situation.
She has a displeased look an her face and her arms are crossed to she she does not want to be there
The red is strange and looks like blood and the space looks wasted.
bright deep is jarring and red is the color of anger
The person should not have smoke coming out of their house
the waves crashing up on the rocks looks too rough
the woman looks up annoyed at the interruption from upstairs
This field should be teeming with life, but there is not much here
The man looks upset that someone is watching him.
the congested traffic of the crowd in this painting gave me anger
An intense emotional state involving strong uncomfortable and non comfortable cooperative response to perceived provocation , hurt to threat.
This general does not seem to be experienced in his position, and probably does not care about his troops too.
The first painting looks like a girl that wanted the painting done because she was proud of the pretty clothes she was wearing. This painting looks like a man that was forced to sit for the painting, as if he had other things to do and he was being disturbed.
the character in the painting looks very angry and is therefore giving me the same emotion.
these three friends look like they are going to plan a murder they feel a bit of fury and rage in their eyes
This painting elicit anger in me. The main reason is that it is portraying a human bareback at the end of a mushroom. The allegory here fails to deliver its objectives.
It looks like the artist was really mad when they painted this.
colors are dark and boldly contrasted evoking a feeling of darkness and anger
the bright dark shade of red gives off a feeling of anger
These people look like they are smoking things that are bad for them
This painting evokes an angry emotion from me because everyone in the picture seems to be angry. There are people on the left that seem to be arguing / not happy. This is indicative of the facial expressions they are showing (slanted eyebrows). On the right of the painting there are people who seem to be trying to wake up and unconscious person. There is even a little kid that is trying to wake up the unconscious person. Everyone in this painting is eliciting a negative emotion and it makes me feel anger.
i see scenes of death, violence and people harboring injuries.
the water and the weather look stormy and angry
The plains are so large and we have to round up the buffalo from the pasture
The picture shows ladies who have built up much jealousy for each other
The man wielding a sword gives the appearance of aggression to the downed man
This guy looks like he has never worked a day in his life
They let this child eat too much and get overweight at a young age
This man has this displeased expression on his face by his judging eyes and pursed lips.
These people all toil away endlessly at this woman's feet while she sits back and does nothing.
Pictured is a man angry at his business partner who has wronged him
In this image, all three creatures are fighting with each other. They all appear to be angry and one cannot determine whether any of them are worth saving (e.g., who the good creature is).
This man in the painting seemed to be stripped both of his dignity and clothes.
The two old men are angry and they seek revenge.  The woman doesn't see the two angry men approaching.  They beat her and leave her to die.
It is really hard to tell the separate spaces apart. I find my self straining to see something that isn't there or can't be found.
This guy looks like he would own slaves if he had the choice
The expression of this man is one of bitterness at people who have wronged him
This guy looks really smug like he thinks he is better than everyone
The room is dull and monochromatic. There is an anticipation of a sinister plot being planned by the dark hooded figure against the woman in light blue, who contrasts against the setting.
This looks like someone is spying on her putting on her clothes
the old witch has enchanted the bear to do her bidding
The objects look very blocky in a sense that they don't have a nice shape to them.
THE PEOPLE IN THE IMAGE ARE LOOKING WEIRD
He seems to be a greedy employer that would scam his employees out of their paychecks.
the deep read elicits a sense of anger
I feel anger for this painting because it wastes an opportunity to use pictorial space effectively (and with a planned color scheme instead of one color plus a small shadow area at the bottom). Instead, this painting portrays a stereotype about "Modern Art"!
This scene looks like an angry storm threatening to crash the ship.
The picture shows a man who is angered at an intruder who has disrupted his work
This looks like Lenin, who was responsible for so much suffering in Russia.
this weigh down woman in picture with robe on looks evil and full of fury
this looks like a pirate ship going out to see ready to pillage and steal from innocent people
The moonlight seems as if on fire while accompanied by the darkness of the ocean, it gives the feeling go anger.
It looks like someone is grabbing this person from behind without their consent
THERE ARE PARTS OF FACES WHICH SHOWS ANGER AND DISGUST EXPRESSION.
i do not like the smirk on his face, looks like a bully
The woman is looking back like she is hiding a dark secret or is angry with a person.
having the red coming in from one side makes it feel like anger is overtaking happiness
It's bold and dark, it makes you feel angry and you don't even know why.
I do not like the red paint scheme on the house.
Seeing the sudden tessellation of the colors compared to the solid lines of the other artwork, I felt jarred and frustrated.
This painting is just a red box and it angers me because it is not actual art.
This horse looks stressed having to have this guy riding on him
There is an outstanding feeling of sinister arrogance coming from the subject's posture and facial emotion. Similar to Hannibal Lecter.
Innocent works of art are seen by the hypocritically righteous as somehow immoral and should be hidden.
The man appears to be forcing himself on the woman, although, with knife in hand, she is hardly the helpless damsel
There is a ghost of a battle happening within this piece. A sense of fighting and clashing of arms can be felt.
The woman looks at the observer as if to ask if we have anything better to do.
Whoever lives here live a life of opulence that I will never experience
The woman peers at the viewer from the corner of her eye as if she is judging your every move.
This old woman looks as though she is selling off these other young woman to this older male approaching.
This child seems to be grudgingly eating almost as if forced too.
The waves of the sea are angry while the sky looks overcast and gloomy.
The man is angered by the sheer amount of men he has lost in battle
The artist was so angry at the canvas that he hat to scratch it with the pencil as many times as they could.
i dislike the figure in the painting she is odd
THE WOMAN IN THE IMAGE LOOKS WEIRD AND IT MAKES ME ANGEY
the man has a look of disdain on his face as he looks into the sky
I do not like the snow and this painting has a lot of snow which angers me.
this scary man full of rage and fury is on a white horse he has a large sword ready to kill anyone
It appears that the women are being harmed and attacked, and not relaxed or free.
This guy looks like someone who has owned slaves and would be proud of it
The man has an arrogant look on his face, which makes me think he's not a nice person
This demonstrates absolutely nothing so what was the point.
the red enforces anger and the black keeps the darkness around
I don't like this painting because it looks like there are people following in a hole like there dying
The painting is demonstrating how St. Anthony, living in isolation was constantly bombarded by demons trying to tempting him. This fact, awakens feelings of anger, as it shows that thinks that you need to resist all those things that look to good to be true.
The man looks really intense and hostile as he is writing.
A man expressing anger words to his partner in a letter.
Thick moustache, leaning forward posture to write and squeezed eyebrows with big eyes implies his anger mood and it gets on to us.
This persons face seems angry the way the eyes seem like they could stare through the soul
His expression is like writing an angry letter
The painting shows a man that is dwelling in his betrayal by a friend
The man seems to be yelling at the women.
the man has a serious look on his face and looks somewhat angry
This man riding this horse with his sword I feel is promoting violence
The dots of red among the skeletal ships and the bleak color of the sky make it seem like there was bloodshed and war. The men in the rowboat are eager to get away from the area, it looks like they are moving fast through the water.
It looks like a hand clenched in anger, reaching to grab or attack someone.
there is a naked woman sitting in the middle of a picnic while everyone else is dressed
it looks like an evil place and i dislike it emencly
The reddish background makes me feel angry with the scattered things.
That food looks too solid for a child of that age to eat
It looks like a scout for a warband just found an defenseless village.
A lot of these flowers are drooping and are in need of water
I dont like how the clouds looks like volcano smoke from behind the trees, and they kill hundreds of thousands of people at times making me feel angry at the power of nature.
These two man laying on the ground with their dresses pulled up looks very inappropriate
The red is like a crack in the sky, something peaceful has been torn open
The painting is choppy, disorganized, pointless and unpleasant
The big, confusing splash of colors strewn about makes me anxious and on edge, teeming towards anger.
The man kneeling poking his hand in this womens wound is abusing her which is terrible.
the man beats a defenseless man with a whip
these women look too young to be portrayed like this
The painting has really intense brush strokes and mad colors.
The look on this man's face make it seem like he thinks he is better than others
This painting is just one thick black rectangle on a white background and it is not real art.
a single red block evokes the feeling of red hot anger
The man looks like a know it all that thinks he is the best which makes me angry.
the man doesn't seem to be very amused
Two brothers would grow up to violently lead the insurrection against the peaceful government.
The fact that this boat has so much smoke coming out means it is polluting the air
For some reason this woman looks like she is forced to be there
This man looks to be attack this woman knowing he is physically stronger
It looks like she is smoking opium which is very bad for her
The man looks like he has a gun and intense feelings.
The sun looks very badly painted and just looks like an orange dot in between the blue.
The air is being polluted by all the smoke stacks.
the other three seem not to be enjoying the show the two are playing
the brush strokes and the very peach colour shading in the picture looks like this was made from someone in kindergarten
the dark reds of the petals made me feel anger
This man is expressing his anger that the birds is taking his own things.
A group of villagers are angry about the new laws being instated by the King.
she wants to hurt her child and the man in blue is stopping her she is with fury and angry
Zeus is angry at how people are not taking care of his land.  So he decides out of anger to take away the water and dry up the land.
The face expresses the emotion of anger towards someone.
The colors feel all over the place and it looks like there is a giant lobster in the middle.
The two trees with leaves still on them but the one with no leaves on it makes me angry since that tree looks left out.
She looks like she is rude to people and does not care
The man has a look of contempt at the rivals who have wronged him previously
The man is looking away in contempt of his business partners
Her cheeks are flushed and arms are crossed in a defensive pose. She seems to be angry at someone in front of her.
the absurdity of this nativity scene where European armies come to worship at the feet of an infant
These nets probably kill hundreds of fish a day
The piece gave of an oppressive vibe with the majority of the color palette is red, ant it feels it wants to get in my face to buy something from them.
This makes me angry because why would she keep the child so close to the fire like that and it makes me feel scared for what could happen.
The cat looking, seemingly smugly, in the direction of the viewer, while remaining on the table, indicates the cat's deep disrespect for the food owner's authority.
whatever her child whispered, made the mother put her hand in her face and opened her eyes with anger
People in this image are very arrogant, So I choose Anger.
The red of his uniform represents blood which at the time could signify blood from killing or the red when waved in front of a bull makes them angry and they run, so I feel that anger in this painting.
The man does not appear to want to be getting his portrait made.
The man wearing a white hat seems like telling lies to the man in black armor.
The image is a mess and I cannot tell what is going on.
This guy's face is angry and smug, and I already don't like him.
There is too much power given to these sorts of paintings, who painted this?
the red all over the painting is foreboding and scary,
I had to do art project with a dotting technique and failed miserably and this reminds me of that.
The bushes in the picture are super dark and seem angry like they want to swallow the earth.
The image makes me feel angry because of the river that seems to be polluted.
Similar to the first with two characters depicted but appear to be in a fight and opposing one another with the black vs white coloring.
ugly monkey i dislike it it sucks i think it looks bad
This painting is very low effort and is quite small and vaguely shaped.
This womans stance, with her hands together and her head down slightly.  Then you look at her eyes, she looks extremely displeased or angry.
The light on top looks like it didn't turn on which makes me think that someone inside the house had to use back up lights and that makes me angry.
The man seems cross about his bald head and bad mustache.
The man's face looks grumpy, and he is sitting there all alone
The man is angered by the poor choices that his son has made
The painting, with the majority of the color being all red, feels like it is giving off a bloodthirsty atmosphere.
These horses do not look like they get to have fun, all they do is work
The person face is filled with the full of anger and rage.
The man is angry and gives a serious look with his eyebrows arched upwards like a bow.
This man did not want to be the subject of this painting, he's ready to get up and leave at the drop of a pen.
this king in his special armour with large facial hair is full of rage and pure fury his gaze could kill
THE LOOK OF THE MAN MAKES ME ANGER
This guy looks very angry about everything in his life.
The desert warlord used his array of weapons to create "music" to his liking.
this woman's face is so pale she would be invisible in a snowstorm
this shows that the mom has a favorite because one child is clothes while the other is not
There should be animals all over the place and there are none here
The man leers at the viewer out of the corner of his eye, shooting his anger and hate into one single glare.
Not totally sure what this is even supposed to be actually.
This image resembles the other image because there both men standing the difference is in this piece of art the man looks to be distraught and angry. His face appears to be enraged.
This person in this painting appears to be studying or doing homework for school.
This looks like a bunch of plastics being thrown in the ocean
The beach looks like it was littered upon and no one cleaned it up which makes me feel angry.
The black bars in the painting seems to fill me with a lot of anger. It feels very powerful and it creates a helpless message for those other colors are locked inside the dark walls.
The red occupies more space than the blue as if it is advancing or invading
The child's facial expression suggests dissatisfaction at his mother
Looks like a stormy ocean to me the red kind of express anger to me
The image looks like an angry volcano erupting blood
A blank white canvas makes you feel nothing, not a joy to look at.
This painting looks like nothing just a white piece of paper.
He seems to be the type of officer that flee before the fighting begins.
the yellow design over this orange/red box looks like an explosion of the sun
It looks like this mans store or house is getting broken into and he looks like he is worried defending it
The colors are very dark and the lines are very sharp, with the face in the middle representative of a scowl or disgust.
there appears to be a face in the image, the face looks angry.The dark, red hues also express anger
It’s a messing drawing of rocks kind of puts me in a angry mood
It is nothing but scribbles and gives a feeling of chaos.
The simplicity of this painting makes me mad because it is just a tan box.
The intense color mix, especially the reds, inspires anger.
What's she sneaking around for? She's supposed to meet her sponsor in the tea house in ten minutes!
The woman looks angry, as she is walking in the middle of the dark scary night. The mood of the painting is anger and gloom, as if the woman has just been disappointed by someone she cares about.
Anger can play a part in your body fight or flight response.
the person in the portrait has a sour expression compared to the smiles of others
The character's piercing gaze beyond the painting and the lowered eyebrows as well as the turn down of the mustache shows he is angry.
He is perturbed, like he is getting ready to tell me off.
An army general watches in the distance as his men attack a village that doesn't seem to be resisting.
The little boy wearing the fur cap looks a little upset with his stiff lip and furrowed eyes.
A raiding party is now rushing towards a peaceful village that is unaware.
Okay, really? They make how much money and this is all they sent to the funeral!?
The lady has read a passage in her book that has triggered past angry memories
It looks likes someone is spying on this woman when she wants to be alone
the water looks like it is next to a sewage plant as it looks quite polluted
The fire light from the burn pits only signals that disease was coming for anyone who is anywhere near.
It looks like an angry splatter on the canvas.
Cocaine was starting to be smuggled in to the country by embedding it into concrete blocks.
This is not real art because it is just two lines on a white background which angers me.
something about the top part of the drawing looks angry to me, like an angry eye or something
i won't like the color that was used in the image
He is a very angry looking man.
Though they are in public it should not seem like they are being spied on
this broad looks like mary queen of scotts and that makes me mad
Hopefully the natural landscaping of the mountains wasn't damaged making the city.
THE GIRL'S LOOK IS WEIRD AND IT MAKE ME ANGER
the whole picture is coloured in a hyper light green
This dude just looks like someone made him mad, and his facial expression fires me up and makes me angry, he is projecting his anger on to me.
these people on the left are acting as if it is a funeral in the middle of a sunday picnic where everyone is happy
The unfinished and non-symetrical lines feel cold and haphazrd.
The woman looks like someone who would steal their partner's money which makes me angry.
The town looks like it was never cleaned from how brown the buildings are which makes me angry.
this looks like the sewer has been overflowed in this town and orange sewage is now being flooded everywhere
The other person looks like they're dragging the child up the stairs without their consent.
The painting only shows half of the woman's face which makes me feel angry.
Beautiful people surround slaves, an angering contrast.
It looks as if the woman seen here is displeased and glaring at the red bird to her right.
The lady is looking away from the man. The man is staring intently at the lady. He has a scowl on his face. He is leaning towards her. He looks angry.
The leaves falling off means that the person needs to hurry up and pick those vegetables
the man is angry and scowling from the canvas, he has a poor attitude, his hand on his hip
The red, orange and yellow colors indicate a rage and anger.
The Governor is angry that his staff destroy his plans on the new housing development in the downtown area.
The waves are violent, and the rocks look very dark
she seem very contentment and  but anger in her date
This woman does not seem to know that someone else is looking at her
Nude male and dressed angels make angry in painting.
The crucifiction implies men cannot unite and are torn apart
This guy looks to be smoking a cigarette which is really bad for him
He has a tight prude expression written over his pursed-lipped face and he looks grumpy.
The plant looks untaken care of from the way the flowers are turning dark and wilting which makes me angry that no one took care of it.
This looks like someone is spying on the woman without her knowledge
hostility, disorganization, mockery, flat affect, red on top is an angry feeling, the blue makes no sense.
This makes me think of someone that just left food sit out on the table
The man's intense facial expressions shows that he is not happy and feeling upset.
The strokes are so loose and chaotic, and makes me feel aggressive
this person with hat and old fashioned clothes looks and gives of a whiff of authority and he makes you feel in fear
The image is a mess and very poorly done.
the hazy mish mash of green/blue on the side and the pink/orange/red on the other side do not work well together
The sea are crashing against the shore in a fierce rage
The religious leader is claiming to represent God by performing a so-called religious service, but the use of the pagan cross symbol and expensive garb belie his claim.
The subjects of the mad scientist, forever twisted, irreparable.
The students look afraid of the teacher, and the teacher looks like he is striking one of the students.
There is barely anything in the actual painting except a few fields and a background, making me angry at the laziness of the painting.
the shading of the red is a very strange hue and the girls has freakishly tiny eyes
The intensity of the flowers' colors makes them feel overbearing somehow, and the perspectives and sizes all all objects in the frame are out of whack with one another.
The painting reflects on what is going to coined as "Solomonic judgement". The child of the story is the object of a divided attention. Brings about anger, since even today there are cases that are presented with this type of decision, where the "Solomonic judgement" will certainly bring no justice to the case.
The woman in the chariot attacks the woman in yellow. Perhaps she is jealous of how carefree and delicate she is.
The woman looks brutally mad and like a royal bitch.
dry, nothing green, the tree looks like there is not water around, it is dying and the people just care about looking the edge.
Sheesh, she looks so arrogant and snobbish, like she'd cut the server's wages for something her kids did.
This art installation looks like it can easily be pushed over and broken
The pattern in the stick is not consistent and instead is random strips of colors
The picture shows a man who has been rejected for his proposal
The woman holding the flower is glaring directly at it as she holds it up angrily.
The flowers should not be on the table, someone needs to clear them off
Anger is felt between these men as they soon find out the man in the bed as lied about his sickness.
It appears that the woman is being harmed and does not want the attention of the man.
This naked woman dancing above a stabbed cow with death in the corner and and her covered in a red blanket sparks anger a ritual she is performing.
This looks like the people are about to get into a fight.
This painting of a couple getting married almost looks like an arraigned marriage and the man is not even looking at the woman.
It looks like the woman is performing a pagan ritual.
The baby is so angry like he pooped his pants on a warm summer day.
The man is awaiting his lying son to reprimand him as he is to return home soon
I don't like the stare this person has, it feels like I am being judged or mocked.
I dont see the beauty in this at all, clothing is not a bad thing!
My overall feeling is anger.  The old prime minister is angry after he founds out that his King decided to make him look like a fool at the ball.
The poor people are being pushed away. They’re seeking help.
The boy is stealing something that doesn't belong to him.
Okay, who let those monkeys in here. They'll make a mess!
This painting is just a white box and it makes me angry because I do not see it as actual art.
It looks like someone was angerly writing down words and perhaps got frustrated and scratched them out, it looks chaotic and rushed with a sense of being misunderstood.
the dark pencil like shadings in this painting gave me anger
the mans look of anger is almost transcribed into pain
Not an organized pattern, incomplete black stripe doesn't seem like meaningful painting so it induces anger feel.
The lines aren’t pretty, they overlap each other in some areas and are messy. This mess indicates chaos for me which invokes feelings of anger.
The painting is blank and it looks like someone didn't get the time to finish it which makes me angry.
These two people look like rulers who can make people fight for no reason
This woman's face makes me angry because it is scrunched up like she is disgusted.
This person seems distraught as the clothes look like they are flying up as he moved in surprised, and his arms look like he was shocked by something. His eyes express surprise and are open which looks like he wants to fight.
The person sitting down looks like expect those people to do everything for them
I feel like the line should go to the end of the left side.
deep red is the color of anger and rage
the purple skin complexion on Marilyn destroyed this picture
He just doesn't look trustworthy. He looks friendly, but he has that look in his eyes like he would turn on you if you trusted him.
This looks like a breakfast that someone mushed all up
The paint spatter and the colors look like the artist was mad.
The red background with this design brings angry thoughts to my mind.
It shows three wicked spirits trying to take advantage of a man in some way.
The mans hat is on the ground and his hands are in the air as if he’s angry about something maybe he’s even shouting
This looks like someone is sneaking up on this woman without her knowledge
Those cats look angry. Their eyes seem like they are ready to scratch.
arguing couple both of them have twisted angry expressions with the man leaning in sternly
The King is angry and he ordered his men to burn the village down.  He decided it was time to show what can happen when people don't listen to his orders.
Seeing smoke in the sky makes me think of all the pollution in the air
This man is not exhibiting good form and is going to end up injuring his back.
This man looks angry to me. It would not be a painting I would want on my wall.
Seeing all the smoke makes me think about the pollution in the sky
This looks like a scene of war.  Where their are many people injured or dead in the painting.
The picture portrays a man who lived with a lot of resentment in his life
His deep furrowed brows and his unhappy looking eyes make him look upset and grumpy.
The fact that all the pictures of the people on the flag are white makes it seem like they rule the world
The picture shows a lady who is in an argument with her husband
This woman does not look pleased at her current situation.
Mockery feeling, disgusting mess, alligator hanging is not a kind message, is an undefine painting that creates angry feelings just by looking at it.
It looks like a bunch of people are looking at a naked lady without her consent.
This guy looks like he didnt want to be painted he looks mad.
Is that coat actual red velvet? That's incredibly expensive!
Party! Party!... Keep it _down_, you have neighbors you know!
It looks like a young couple in a heated disagreement as the man walks off but the woman tugs his robe and stops him with force.
The lady is angered by her cheating husband and has left him
This painting is just different gray circles on a gray background and it is not good art.
These guys look like they sit around and tell inappropriate jokes
The painting looks messed up with the black paint on the bottom which makes me angry.
This man looks like a very rowdy person and would love to mess around.
This is an angry man. He is so angry that someone just disrespected his horrible wig that he paid hundreds of dollars for.
The image shows a dispute between a cat and the person,
The subject scowls at the viewer as if he is asking what we're looking at, and to go away.
A woman being pulled by her hair up in to the sky seems painful.
This person seems to be taking a lewd picture of this person without their permission
the jagged edges around the squares gave me a feeling of anger
Anger is a straight forward emotion, when being in that state there is only 1 view of situation, other emotions dont have a place in that moment, therefore siting on the periphery.
the red and orange remind me of burning and hatred
The whole page radiates with the color of anger and disgust.
The shapes are confusing, and one looks like a hand grenade.  The confusion is agitating.
This guy looks like he eats way too much food and will not live much longer if he keeps it up
This is a really nice house that I will never be able to afford
Rough pathway, old buildings, walls with paintings peeled out , bushy plants, all show the unmaintained condition of the locality and create anger feel.
a rainy day on a very bleak Sunday where no one is interested in anyone else's well being
The harsh red lines and blurred, jagged angles seem to epitomize anger and discord
the shading on his face and his very dark leering stare
This looks like someone threw away some sushi in a lake
The guy on this poster does not look very tolerant of others
The woman looks angry from the way she is sitting stiffly which makes me angry.
the red shading on the pink flower in the forefront makes it look like it's bleeding
this very headmistress kind of woman in this picture is with rage and fury in her eyes
The man has this wrinkly facial expression of unpleasant negative appearance by the way his forehead furrows and his brows furrow angrily.
The lady sitting can do whatever the other lady is doing by herself
The group of people are angry that someone put this tree on there side of their plot.  So out of rage they join together to tear it down.
The fallen dead flower pedals make me feel angry that this could have been a beautiful and happy picture.
The man is in distress about something, and looks like he is screaming towards the heavens. The clouds look like animals, reared up on their hind legs, about to fight each other.
The lady in the painting looks like she heard bad news and now she’s angry and frowning.
The long-term physical effects of uncontrolled anger include increased anxiety, high blood pressure and headache.
The pattern on the left is too distracting. There is also too many colors and shapes going on here.
It seems like the women are at odds with each other.
morish gates that are far to ornate and small
The man in the painting is expressing his anger by beating her with his weapon.
the sea is very dark and dynamic, the ship's colors are contrasting and anxious
the man is being crucified for his beliefs
The smoke from the chimneys is causing a lot of air pollution.
This man in the painting looks like a smug prick that just got away with scamming someone.
The scene is very chaotic and seems as though there is fighting going on.
nope i dislike it i turely do not like it
This looks like a korean dicator which has been an enemy of the united states.
The scowl on the man's face is clearly evident.
A stern and confrontational face and the red bold tint look authoritative and rigid.
This looks like a guy that is taking advantage of that young girl
The  man in the photo has a pinched mouth and is looking as though he's feeling hostility.
the people are anything but content. There is conflict here. Men are standing by ready with their weapons.
It appears that the one man is scolding the other.
the man looks with distain as we view his expensive painting
This looks like a flag that belonged to a nation that is to stubborn to admit their wrong doings.
The mix of colours just looks like a mess of paint and doesn't represent anything to me, just wasting paint and I feel angry that this is called a painting.
People seems to be struggling with something...
womans expression is stern and she has furrowed brows
The bright red looks like it is portraying someone's anger. Along with the angry scribbles in the middle.
The art work is very cartoon like for this painting.  The imaige of the spray can evokes anger when I think about it being misused negatively,
The vase looks too big for the flowers or the flowers were cut too short
The woman looks unhappy with the person she is posing for.
The man was look angry in the image.
This painting is just a black circle around a white background and its simplicity angers me.
This painting looks like someone is hurting their pet.
These black boots are overly simplistic and lack any style.
This man seems to be bothering this woman and she wants him to go away
The artist uses red and orange to portray a angry painting with great emotion and energy.
The painting reminds one of a communist leader and the red face seems to give off a negative emotion. The man seems to be evil or angry because of the color of his face.
This guy looks like someone that sends young men into battle while he watches from the sidelines
The way the red and green are half and half makes me mad.
The face of a dictator in bold red is a sign of their destructive power.
He was supposed to meet me here by sunset!
I have overall emotional feeling of anger when I look at this man. The young man is angry at the jeweler for selling him a fake diamond.  So he plans on robbing the jeweler for revenge.
This  picture reminds me of when I learned about Christopher Columbus and the trouble that he and his men put the Native Americans through when they first came to North America. The people standing on the beach look like they might be Native Americans noticing the arrival of the Europeans, which was probably concerning to the Natives because the Europeans were so unknown to them. .
The lady is furious as her husband has not returned for dinner on time
The people have surrounded the houses of innocent people in protest
All this smoke is terrible to put into the air
the man seems to be screaming or upset with his wife
The way that the man has turned around makes me feel as if he is not only startled, but angry at the interruption as well.
He looks mean and cold like he is angry
The man is paying attention to the child sitting on the right and not the one in his arms, his body is even leaned away from the held baby.
This guy looks like he got caught about to attack the other person at the table
It is a natural thing but the rainbow has multiple meanings in modern society
Stiffness of the man's face, the way he holds the girl's hand, the girl's frustration and trying to go away from him indicate he is forcing something on her and creates great anger.
The woman is angry and she bolts into the door to confront her best friend about rather or not the rumors are true that she was caught sleeping with her husband.
The person on the floor looks like they are being forced to be there
Seeing this woman's back makes me think she does not know she is being watched
the sky is overcast, the water is dark and there is tremendous emptiness in this picture
The coppers and browns used in this painting make me think of the words "the whole city is burning". The puffs of clouds of rust look to be smoke from fires started by a battle
It is annoying to have all the stuff left intact
I can see the angry eyebrows here. The subject may be abstracted, but there is still clearly an angry person here.
the "pope" the head of an organization that cares more about controlling wealth than it does about shepherding its flock
The cat appears lonely because nobody is giving him attention
The man in this drawing looks like a snobby European Imperialist..
the woman is physically shackled to something while watching someone be blown away
The two men are fighting like cats and dogs relentlessly and it is rather upsetting.
The sumo wrestlers are struggling to win and throw one another out of the ring.
This guy has a very angry beard and bare chin.
THOSE EYES DEPICTS ANGER AND THE KNIFE GIVES A SCARY FEEL.
The triangles are all pointing at the rectangle as if they are hostile towards it
This lady is angered as her plant has died on her watch
The red paint strokes and movement refer to frustration to the point of anger and those we would associate with anger.
The scene is one of rape; The women have fallen victim to the male invaders
The lines are harsh and dark giving the look of anger
The flowers are not in the vase which makes me angry.
the feeling of mixed emotions in the faces of an execution is angering. This is wrong
The man is a hunter and cruel to animals
This man is grabbing this womans arm as though he is stealing from her or going ot beat her.
This looks like the thing that drills the oil from the earth
This is static, unmoving. It does not seem to make an effort to convey anything.
The man's facial expression seems to be very angry.
Like fear, anger can play a part in your body fight or flight response.
the black border only makes it seem like an unfinished joke of a painting
the dark red makes me angry and the blue leaves a cold anger left in me
The bust is of a man who lived a bitter life
The abundant use of the blood-red scattered across the table almost resembles a crime scene.
the wealthy man is haughty and well dressed, lording himself above others
Anger is felt while looking into the eyes of this man.  He is angry for his brother being sent to jail. A crime his brother did not commit.
The lady appears to have an expression of anger and betrayal
She looks like a very judgmental, “high and mighty” person.
Colorful flowers are drying and losing their beauty in a table.
The girl has a look of anger as she has not gotten a gift from her parents she enjoys
The woman pictured is plotting to murder her husband
hes a dude every one else is a chick
Its just lines of paint strewn across a canvas; I don't know what its supposed to represent and I don't think anyone else can either.
this very awful building is horror and  rage spewing out of it
The woman looks like she is going to hit the man with her shoe
This prostitute looks like she is upset with a mime and she is about to strike him with the heel of her shoe.
She is looking very angry with red eyes.
the two men are trying to take advantage of the little girl
These three people look really judgmental and mean to people
There's so much going on in this photo that it confuses me and angers me.
There is a lack of color that contributes to the anger. The landscape looks harsh, the house/barn look harsh with right angles and no soft curves.
It is similar with the woman and the baby with people around, but they do not seem amused or content in any way. they seem bored or annoyed.
The trees are formless and the asymmetry of the panelling and weak shading detract from the drawing.
There is a storm of rage to this piece that is full of kinetic anger.
Billows of smoke is emitted in the air for all to breathe.
These people look like royalty that do not have to answer to anyone or anything
The man has an anger stare going, and he seems ready to fill someone.
The surrounding men appear to be angry and in protest
The red tone conveys a sense of anger and frustration. The intensity mirrors these feelings.
The baby is denying a bird its freedom to fly  by attaching a tether to its leg.
the man seems to be under some kind of trial and is tied up
The dancer in the middle has her hands on her hips in a menacing way, as if she is ridiculing the other dancer.
The man on the path looks to be peeking at that young man
this painting reminds me of a colonial soldier who will probably go take land away from someone who rightfully owns it.
The older gentleman is filled with anger.  As he learns that his brother stole the family business from him.
Deep reds invoke the emotions of anger, rage, etc.
The mostly red painting gave of an insulting aura, and it feels like it is taunting me.
The war general is furious that he did not have the success he wished for on the battlefield
The man looks like he will hit the animal with the weapon he has and that makes me angry at him
The man holds an object above his head as if he is about to hit the guy with the blue shirt.
The man has an expression of fury as he has been betrayed by a friend
The painting is crazy and looks like a lot of hostility.
THE PEOPLE SEEMS LIKE FIGHTING IN THE PICTURE WHICH SHOWS AN ANGRY MOOD.
The images show an event like war happening
The shadows used on the face of the man are very dark, and he is shown with an expression of annoyance
The girl is reluctantly going to school to pursue her studies as demanded by her parents
The lady has been angered by her husband who ignores her
The old man has this look of being displeased and he has this grumpy facial expression about his eyebrows and lips.
Bad feeling that a lovely girl missing her partner in bed.
As an American seeing a picture of royalty makes me think of oppression
the subservience of this woman angers me as she allows this man to stand on her back.
The facial expressions of some of the audience depicts outrage
The ladies pictured are having a stern discussion about their disagreement
man has has hat off and is even leaning in in anger
The painting is full of darkness and angry brush strokes.
I fear I am looking at angry pit of people that want to kill me after I betrayed them with losing their investments.
The man is angered by another person speaking loudly in court
I feel like the Deputy is angry after he finds out the local bank was robbed early this morning.
This painting is just one black line on a white canvas and it makes me mad because it is too simple.
The paramount logo is extremely hard to look at as it is, it doesn't need a vaporwave logo.
A lot more effort could have gone into this painting.
these bulls look like they are getting whipped by those people
The man is squinting in a fashion that shows he is pissed off.
Anger  is one of the basic human emotions, as elemental as happiness, sadness, anxiety.
Anger can be good thing, it can give you way to express negative feelings or motivate you to find solutions to problems.
The man with the cigarette in his mouth reading as he is seated has this uncomfortable glare that he is giving off on his facial expression.
The painting isn't including the black thing that's peeking out but rather the white background which makes me angry.
the woman is looking off to the side, she is upset with having to pose for the portait
This man looks like he dedicated his life to hunting animals
He seems to be someone just looking for someone to start a fight with, or argue with someone for no good reason.
This woman has a hidden scowl on her face.
the man is obviously annoyed with whatever the green spirit is whispering into his ears
The way these woman are depicted dancing one in red one yellow one blue makes it seem like a they are strippers
A group of people is standing outside and arguing,.
while there is red on the side, it feels very lifeless and monochromatic
This man has a very long nose, and viewed from the side, it seem like the artist is saying that he shouldn't be trusted, due to his sneer, and is deceiving and cunning, due to his goatee, and finally seems like a con artist because of his clothes, making me feel angry at this man.
Sprinkled bright colors and random brushing of colors has created a fight like scene with blood like red color, so it gives anger feel.
The squares make me wish there was something more, or more connection, and it makes me angry
The man on the left seems like he is mean to the peasants.
the bright deep red gives off an angry vibe
This painting is just 4 lines on a white background and I do not see it as real art.
The man is frowning with the frown of a thousand winds.
It seems like a cool painting, I just wish I could see the whole thing instead of a black box.
The dark blue spot looks like a ship that is drowning.
sicken, provoked, frustrated, horrible, nasty, bad, annoyance, displeasure
This woman has her breasts exposed and looks as though she has seen something terrible.
It looks like construction is happening on that bridge and would cause traffic
Several of the chimneys are causing a lot of harmful air pollution.
The colors contrast greatly and are clashing, suggesting division and unexpectedness
the deep bright orange gives off a strong sense of anger
This guy looks like he thinks he is one of the best writers out there
Thousands of peasants bow to their king, knowing not that they could take charge and take over at any moment.
I do not like that the poeple are looking up to god and jesus to save them and that they are visible
The red on her face makes her look angry, Her lips are mean looking.
The smokestack belching filth into the sky provokes anger.
The stripes of red makes me feel angry, like blood or cutting.
The way this guy is looking it makes it seem like he thinks he is better than everyone
the painting looks like it is packed with coloured tiles instead of the picture and this distracts from the overall feel of the picture
The spots of read makes this feel like the aftereffects of some battle against an unseen force.
The woman does not look like she wants to be naked but is forced to, so it makes me angry.
This is not real art because it is just one a brown background with nothing on it and it makes me angry.
THE BLACK PANEL IS SLIGHTLY OFF CENTER AND CONTRASTS STARKLY
Pictured is a man who is angered by his wife's ongoing jokes
All of the angles here make me confused and frustrated. I think it's supposed to be an abstract representing orchestral instruments, but it is way too jagged.
The man's face seems to be very angry compared to the expressions of others.
The woman looks sternly ahead, as if she is trying to impose order on someone who is talking to her.
she's leaning forward and her brows are stern looking
two slick as thieves card sharks out for a score in the tropics
This looks like this guy feels he has total and absolute control over the kingdom
The colors are dark in the center, it looks like the painting was ruined by someone.
the gradating shades of pink and red make it feel like the way anger feels
These flowers need to be taken off of the table and put into water
The man shown is furious and seeking revenge at his enemies
The painting looks like it was jumbled up and thrown on which makes me feel angry.
This guy looks like he has a lot of privilege in his life
the anger in this mans face says it all he looks frightening and in fury in his gaze
The man looks like he got caught cheat on his wife
The black shades used for the trees are a little dreadful.
The paint strokes feel chaotic and the person seems to be running away from something that upset them.
Discontent or upset, even angry could be words used to describe the dark blue square with a teal line down the middle.  The center line being the break between the color on both sides.
The boy in the red pants has been hurt and humiliated. The old woman tries to help him. The figure in the pink clothing looks like she is about to attack the old woman and the figure in the blue shirt is being forced away.
He looks a bit stern or cross in this picture.  He's angry about something.
the two individuals in the picture have stern expressions that seem to show contempt and anger
the man has an angry look on his face which is enhanced by his prominent jaw line
Seeing a large castle like this, despite the beauty of the scenery, reminds me of who had to suffer to make that level of opulence happen.
The man with the goatee in this painting looks very angry and his expression is also making me angry.
A water pot with holes will not be able to hold the water for long, hopefully no one paid for it.
In this picture, the lady looks she is hurt by something and she is angry due to that.
the woman is out working in a field in the early hours of the morning, carrying things on her shoulder
This looks like a finger gun, which is being held up in a threatening manner, and the red background looks scary. The small amount of white in the blue square looks like smoke from a firearm.
This painting is just a red hexagon and it angers me because it is not real art.
the subjects facial expression expresses either disgust, or contempt creating a feeling of anger within the observer
the blotchiness of the red and the black smear in the middle
These fellows look mean like there arguing about something
THE PLACE IN THE IMAGE MAKES ME IRRITATED AND ANGER
It is a passionate scene of bloodlust and betrayal.
the red slashes accross looks like odd flesh
the man in the drawing looks more angry with a furrowed brow and upset looking face
Her back turned towards the one painting.  She looks angry and alone.
The picture shows a war veteran who still holds resentment towards the enemy
Pretty upsetting to call this a sketch. barely a drawing just nonsense.
This painting is just a black circle and it makes me angry.
This man seems stressed and super uptight with his daunt expression and tight lips.
the mostly deep red is the color of anger
The man appears angry with the force of a thousand suns, making the viewer feel angry for whatever happened to him.
Seeing the loose wire just sitting there in the open is very unsettling.
This canvas has been cancelled, crossed out. It is done for.
The lines in the painting seem like the painter was feeling angst when creating this.
The object that is being thrown almost feels like it is coming straight out of the painting like it was meant to hit you, though everything is fun and games until someone gets hurt.
The lady is crossing her arms in disapproval of her cheating husband
The angle of the painting and the barren trees gives and angry or negative feeling and the clouds in the sky are formed perfect in relation to the angle to fit this emotion
the green skies of envy with war ships in harbour give a feeling of anger and rage of war
The mother was angry at her children for finding out they cheated on the history test.  So she sends them out to the fields to pick the weeds for punishment.
This painting is just various gray lines on a plain white background and it makes me angry that it is so simple.
The man looks preoccupied and concerned; kind of angst-ridden like me.
This man looks very angry and seems to be attacking someone or something
the warrior shows an angry face while carrying a weapon ready to attack
The painting is mostly black and not showing enough of the other part that isn't black which makes me angry.
the image seems to depict a large brawl between a big group
The figure looks like he is going to hurt the cat with the mirror he is holding. It seems like it is a paddle. He has a menacing look in his eyes.
This woman is angry because she did not get any dinner.
People in this forest have started to cut the trees down
This looks like a lot of fruit needs to be picked off of these trees
Although very similar to the 2 images to its left, this painting looks dark and angry as if depicting the  fires of Hell. The reds and oranges are hot and seem to be painted with wild, angry strokes
While I walk past this house enjoying my afternoon tea.  I see people inside this house yelling and are angry about something their neighbor did.
I have an overall feeling of anger when I look at this painting.  I feel like the two ladies are in a heated argument over who's apple pie recipe will be used at this year's fair.
me no like this at all no way no how
the arguably racist caricature of a black person makes me angry
there is so much going on that i do not understand it
This person is killing a bull just for the amusement of an audience
The man is angered by his betrayal by his best friend
The man is angry with his wife for all the lies she has told him.  He begins to plot out how he can get pay back.
this looks like a dried up lake due to a drought
He is upset in this still, i wonder what the details are
The man smiling in this picture, along with the wig, feels like he is taunting me for being in a lower position than his position.
the colors and shadows are so dark the man almost disappears from the painting
The lady above is living with contempt as she remembers unhappy memories from her life
Its just a sketch painting with no skill at all, and a mass of lines on the right and left.
Okay, that tyrant has gone too far. He'll pay for this devastation.
to much male nuddity i dislike it this showed be forgoten
Quit poking him in the head, it's _rude_. Especially in front of everyone.
the dark grey and rusted clouds makes for a very gloomy and disgusting day in the city
The lady is angered by passages in her book as they are bringing back bad memories
The man has an intense hostile look on his face.
this woman has a grumpy angry look on her face
The red sun and cloud stretch forth like a bomb or a sign of war
the barren trees and the very rickety windmill give off negative vibes
The people here are working hard, the house is not built, and the dark background implies a storm. It looks like the workers just want to get it finished quickly.
For me this image is similar from the original one as it reflects 3 beings. But, sadly in the second one one of them is being abused and kill for pleasure by the other two. I loathe  that kind of behaviour.
This makes me think of kids coming to my door to sell candy
This painting is not real art because it is just a black background and that angers me.
Flowers looks like are not healthy portrays anger
The aggressive use of pastel and rough form of the flowers give this image a violent aesthetic.
The dark object resembles an open window, but seems so far away and obstructed, and unattainable.
The food looks good but it is fake.
The painting shows slaves working on a building. This angers me to remember that slavery is a part of our past.
Man in this picture looks anger and threatening someone with his look.
The army general is furious at his loss and plots to avenge his fallen men
The painting looks very lightly drawn with barely any shading which makes me angry.
this man wearing colourful robes and beard looks scary and full of anger
There is anger on the womans face, her body language shows that she is upset.
This picture doesnt appear to be a happy home like an original, this one makes me feel more angry and guarded, like there are captives inside.  Walls arent meant to be homey, but to distance.
The red is this image makes me angry, like the person in the image is angry.
These weird people are bidding over some sort of scary skin and it is very non appealing
The nude man seems to be terrorizing the sleeping women.
this person naked a warrior with her sword by her side is very angry looking in her face
The man expresses his anger and his face is as red as chilly.
the hazing effect in the sky has blurred too much of the mountain top for my liking
These people look to be happy to be crucifying this person
The two ladies are angry at their husbands for being rude and obnoxious at the party.
many men holding down a woman and raping her
The man sitting down looks very disgruntled and unhappy with a grouchy expression on his face.
This painting angers me because it is just a black triangle and not good art.
Shape of the eyebrows which is pointed gives an impression of an angry face.
The eyes are tough and the face itself id ironherted in tone.
the damaged house in the paintings made me feel anger
Color contrast is not distinguishing water ,trees and cloud all seem to be merging, so creates anger feel.
That poor old woman, working in the heat. None of her kids ever visit, either.
The lines in the drawings for the man seem loose and do not give a good representation of the man
the image seems to depict men arguing and being uncomfortable
The taxes are too high, kicking the people who can't pay their taxes off their land does NOT work, and you not being conventionally handsome is no excuse to act like a supervillain!
I believe Pan is a mythical creature whom is selfish and scary looking with being half goat half human
The abundance of red in the picture is symbolic of blood and violence
The yellow paint looks like it has been hurled against the canvas with no care or thought. The yellow blotches have no soothing pattern, but just seem to scream jagged images with no purpose.
The painting looks chaotic like the artist wanted to convey rage.
The men look like they are struggling and not happy.
There is a lot going on in this painting making the viewer question instead of enjoy. The people in the image look angry as well.
I feel angry to think that this person  who I think is a woman has to wash another man's feet while men look on.
There is a bad color pallet being used in this painting. The amount of misused shapes and potential being wasted makes the viewer angry.
Poor drainage system and lack of good water management leads to damages of streams and river in general. People should take care of our resources for the betterment of our future.
I feel like the two people in the background are bothering the front woman and that makes me angry.
the sharp angles of the plant mixed with the bright colors popping off the blue backdrop is upsetting
the sharpness of his hair against the black background
This painting makes. E angry because of the uneven lines and use of negative tones weren’t used to there potential.
The way the person on the left is staring at the naked person in this picture feels rude and exploitive to me.
There is to much simplicity in this painting. The dark tones make the painting seem depressing.
He seems not happy and even angry about his situation.
This is a chaos of colors and becomes a chaos of emotion. It feels like anger would look on paper.
Knocked over flowers and pearl necklace thrown on table resulting from an irreconcilable difference in a lovers' relationship.
THIS IMAGE IS NOT TO CLEAN AND CLEAR VIVID.
It feels like an angry scene where someone or thing is being mean to another person or thing so it made me angry.
Out of anger the King has ordered war and has gathered everyone around the castle to discuss his new orders.
a man sits and stares with an angry look on his face
This painting was simply difficult to transcribe. The images did not make sense and the bland colors are not fun to look at.
As they huddled closer, Jesus told them, "Only Papa John's would deliver," and he knew they would turn him over to Pontius Pilate.
This painting reminded me of slavery which puts the viewer in an angry mood. The use of neutral tones is not pleasant to look at.
The young woman is angry of finding out her father disapprove of her marriage so marches up to her home to confront her father.
The simplicity of this painting makes the viewer angry because there isn’t a lot of thought or texture that went into it.
This is the dove that did not return to Noah, thus he never found out the truth.
The young artist is angry that she can't seem to get the painting of the model exactly how she wants it to look on the canvas.
the person in the painting looks like he is about to kill someone
The image shows dominance of one person wile the rest are submissive.
The background and foreground blends into each other as there is no distinction between the two.
The poor composition of the women’s face makes the viewer angry, and the mixed emotions she is having displays a sad feeling for the viewer.
The look on the man's face makes me mad cause he seems quite cruel.
This woman has almost no way out of the space she has been stuck in. She has been crying, she is unable to get down easily. This reminds me of the days of locking our loved ones in the attic.
The heavy use of black makes this painting seem broken. This makes the viewer uncomfortable.
The bird is angry and trying to attack something
the way the man looks at the woman is very intimidating and aggressive
Poorly articulated landscpae, harsh colors that are drawn from anger with the fire orange
This person seems irritated, possibly by the weather on the boat deck
the dark red, blue, and blacks are harsh and the man has bags under his eyes while scowling
This image has no more content to examine.It looks simple and ugly.
The wild spikiness of the tree against the dark background gives me a feeling that this plant is angry and would cut anything that touches it.
I feel anger when looking at his mans expressions because it holds a disdain for something, and with the way that he is holding his quill makes me feel that he might use it to poke something.
this man has a stern look on his face as he looks so angry
Bright coloring to the whole town with bright red houses, pitch dark areas, and reflecting blue sky make no good combination and hence give anger feel.
The architect cut corners and the townspeople never knew what hit them.
The chaos of this painting makes me feel anger. The dark colors and the abstractness make me feel anger.
the person in the painting looks distorted and non human with the current color choices
The firm face of the lady makes her look with much character, like a great firm woman who has done very bad things.
This painting is very crude and poorly executed. It gives a very negative feeling of anxiety that the lines of the buildings are not straight. I Feel anger toward the architecture shown in this painting.
I'd be angry too if a cat were trying to gleefully sever my jugular
The red color and drooping edges seem frustrated and resigned
a man folds his hands while having an angry expression on his face
this painting make me angry. the dressing sence  is not good.
There is a poor quality to this painting. The character seems to be conquering land making the viewer angry.
The two men are angry that they can't finish this chess match.
The lady is jealous and plots to kill her enemies with her blade
The person in the painting looks angry and the weapon in his hand makes him look fearsome
The young woman is angry after she finds out her best friend told her secret to all their friends.
No one perceived the assassin until it was too late.
The decapitated head and sword show these women are fed up and ready to fight
Seems things are not going really well as he expected.
This painting is like looks at a bad photo that someone has taken. The landscape is boring and doesn’t grab the attention of the viewer.
the thick black strokes on top of otherwise pleasant colors
Its in a pure white form. It makes me anger because there is no colorful.
the harsh lines and fiery colors used express angry feelings
I chose anger because the painting simply looks unfinished. The tones in the trees could have been more prominent from the sky.
The character in this painting looks distraught which makes the viewer uncomfortable.
I could have chosen many more of these. It makes me angry that something like  this is considered art. I mean, what is it? The colors are ugly, and it makes no sense at all.
The woman has a look of extreme distaste on her face
The man looks angry and like he is out to get revenge.
The children appear to not be accompanied by an adult.
the man has a scowl on his face he is mad
I feel angry someone has tied this person up.
The fury of the red sky is evident with the strong reds.
the woman looks to be unnecessary hitting the poor horse
In this picture looking like a angry movement because the person hurting that horse.
Money makes extreme level to treat a women slave
The picture shows a man bitter at his friends who have betrayed him
She's not happy with the cards she's been dealt by life
The man in the red robes looks angry to see the lady.
The subjects appear haughty and above anyone and everything else.
The simplify of the painting and use of red puts the viewer in a distraught emotion. There was little to no texture in the painting.
This makes me think of how COVID is never going to go away with people getting together
The dark tones and fire in the sky convey an angry tone
A women trying to kill a man on the bed with sword.
IN THIS PICTURE SOMEONE IS CYCLING ON THE SIDEWALL
Satan gazed upon his castle, surrounded by flame, and asked himself, "Why did I put tile in the bathroom?"
The abundance of red and orange hues evoke a feeling of anger.  It also makes me feel angry that the dragons would destroy a beautiful castle.
The lard use of the color red makes the viewer distraught as the colors in the center of the painting is vibrant.
Inappropriate to all the given images makes me anger.
The image depicts feeling of anger and discontent
The painting makes the viewer angry because of the low contrast being used with heavy elements that are distinguished.
The young Japanese Warrior is angry and has cast an orange firing sky spell to the town.
The picture shows a little girl consoling her friend who is furious
She was sold for the price is four sheep and a dull sword.
The red tone to the painting and the slanted lines suggest rage.
Sometimes you make art that's just pretty and you'll notice it doesn't get much attention.
The bag symbolizes simplicity but it gives me an angry feeling as it reminds me of difficult times.
The Jenga prototype was missing something…but what?
I get angry while drawing or painting something and It's not the normal kind of anger
the people going to harassment for the entertained.
He gazes at someone with his icy stare.
This painting makes me angry because of the use of dark tones. There was a difficult time concentrating from the foreground to the background.
A YOUNG GIRL IS CLEANING AN ANOTHER GIRL LEG THAT IS VERY INAPPROPRIATE THAT MADE ME SO ANRY.
The painting is very messy and looks like it was done in anger.
the two animals look like they are starving and are confused
The poor use of texture in the painting isn’t well thought out. There is no foreground to look at.
I get angry because it seems like I've seen this "love" logo in a hundred places. Try some originality.
She should never have been forced to marry a man she did not love.
The amount of poor pointillism used in this painting makes it seem like there is no focal point. This makes the viewer angry and confused.
This painting makes me angry because of the color tones as wel, as the use of number calculations that makes the viewer distraught because of the numerical system we deprive from.
The mimes just kept pouring off of the boats, and everybody hates mimes!
This image inspires feelings of anger and aggression as it seems violent.
The animal face reaction shows that it is  angry.
The man looks like he's very angry about something.
The woman appears to be a vain, rich lady because she is staring in the mirror with that pose.
This depiction gives off a distinct seriousness that is conflicting and angering due to his expression.
the person in the painting looks like they are dying since they are grabbing their chest
The fallen angel, Lucifer, had convinced them all that they would be safe between the Pillars of Deception.
There are some very sharp angle and high contrast here, no space for maneuvering
in this picture the man is do not have contentment. he is look like Militant. and ready to fight for  need something.
the mountains are very dark and you can not see the area that is being painted
The simplicity in the image makes it look unfinished. It appears that there is an angel fighting a demon making it uncomfortable.
Lack of people to plant trees in a given place has made water to overtake the whole region. This has led to more trees being carried away by water.
the room seems to have been suddenly been hot with an emotion of chaos and anger
The little is looking for a stranger and an opportunity to shout, "These are NOT my parents!"
The writer ripped up the manuscript of his life story because he knew he had failed and the anger jumped off the shredded paper.
The painting was simply difficult to concentrate on and the color pallet did not go well together.
the man is guarded, showing his fists with his shirt off, ready to fight
The people might want those wagons to cross the country, but the animals pulling the wagons hate those people.
The girl is angry at her parents at neglecting her
The scowl is one of contempt to the viewer.  He clearly doesn't like me so I don't like him.
Lack of color flow and combination of colors that are not complimentary is upsetting
She had never agreed to portray Cat Woman and she resented being used in this manner without her consent.
The woman having to dance for all of those leering men makes me angry for her having to be in that position in life.
There are lot of people who can show their anger towards something
The lady is pulling her hair out in rage
The people who are running, scattering, and cowering in fear from the guy on the horse and his crew, make me feel anger, as who is this guy to just trample through the middle of everything like he's God or something?! The guy has some nerve, and it makes me angry and disgusted.
The woman looks like she is quite angry by the hard grip on the fan
Looks dark and gloomy and not cheerful  or happy
The dress code of the lady is dissimilar
a little girl looks like she's angry at something as if she was grounded and not allowed to go outside
These flowers look like they have not been watered well and need to be taken better care of
The stern looks on the two women's faces as well as the bright red unnatural coloring suggest that they feel anger.
He just has this stern, angry look, like he's just been woken up to have a damn artist do this portrait.  It's as if he was saying, this painting is dark, just like my soul.
This painting is difficult for the viewer to be pleased because there in]s simply to much happening at the bottom of the painting which makes it confusing.
the men are chopping away at the land frustrated
The sky and the trees look angry to me with the red color and the haphazardness of the leaf patterns and the angry looking clouds.
It's hard to tell exactly what this is portraying, but it's possibly a soldier
Not one of them bothered to try and save the family drowning in the lake.
This picture is dark and depicts anger or sadness
the excess of women squeezed next to each other seem to evoke an image of imprisoned slave women, that makes the image
the man looks like he is suffering and being pulled away from each other
This image has industries and pollute the environment. It makes me anger.
There is a lot going on, too much to focus on, making this image unpleasant to look at
There isn’t a lot of detail that went to this painting. The patterns don’t go well with the image in the center.
The woman is in disbelief at what her husband has said to her
This piece makes me feel upset because this man looks very angry. He seems very irritated,
Looks like King Midas wasn't able to break the curse after all
The townspeople gather inside the King's castle because they are disgusted that they have to pay taxes on their properties.
The man holds his lips tightly in a look of anger
The soldiers, down arrow, and flag remind me of the stress of the wars the US is fighting and the dollar sign in the USA makes me think of the struggling economy.
The color choice and arrangement of shapes gave a sense of uneasiness. The strokes of black with red also conveyed animosity.
From that castle in the distance there came a shriek of terror followed by executioner's maniacal laughter.
The body language here makes me feel the anger within the female form, she brings a fire that I can feel outside the painting.
There is simply to much going on in the corners of the painting make]ing it difficult for the viewer to focus on the foreground. The image also seems distraught.
The simplicity of the color pallet and bad texture makes the viewer angry.
The men appear to be distraught and arguing with one another
The use of a flag as well as it being red symbolizes defeat but reminds me of warfare.
the multiple shades of deep red in the middle gives off a very angry vibe
It is very painful to see a mother giving birth to a child and when that child grows up, another person kills him/her like depicted in the picture. Killing is not an option but rather bringing more problems in our society.
These people look like they are having a really good time and I want to do that too
It has a very fascist or authoritarian feel with the sword, stylized wings, and black tones
The painting shows anger and some sort of destruction and abandonment
The woman has a look of disappointment in her family
The painting clearly shows the anger in his face.
The painting reminds me of soldiers going to houses and taking the young captive. Putting the viewer in an angry emotion.
There is a dreary feeling to this painting because of the amount of dark tones being utilized. The figures in the painting seem to be distraught.
The painting has little to no detail and the simplicity makes the viewer angry as well as the muted tones that go into each other.
The color tones used in this painting were bland and boring. The ]re isn’t enough texture in the painting.
There is something about the facial reaction that resembles hierarchy and class divide.
Neutral expression, but the sword says he's ready to fight
the child's body position appears to be one of distress and wanting to escape, caused by the person in green
The man is angered at having been left alone by his family
This painting displays a negative emotion because of the subject matter of the image as well as the poor composition of the skull.
The painting makes me feel anger or suspicion. It appears that the man in the painting is observing something that he needs to take action against somehow.
The guy just starts yelling for know reason out of anger
Splatters of yellow and orange across the canvas in sporadic patterns give me an aggressive feeling
the man's face is harsh he seems stern and the rough charcoal sketch feels angry
The picture depicts powerful men having a disagreement at the dinner table
The figures in this painting do not appear to be pleasant. There isn’t a lot of detail used between the artist and the image.
The color scheme, specifically having so much red made me feel more anger when looking at this piece. It also appears to show someone hurt which made me more angry.
This painting is difficult to transcribe which makes the viewer angry. The heavy use of black is not pleasant to look at.
The girl looks coddled but upset, like someone just told her she can't have ice cream
It can make you feel like you are missing out on a party.
Resurrecting the world’s first attorney turned out to be a terrible idea.
The character in the image is not pleasant to look at as there is little to no emotion being displayed.
It is irritating that someone paid for this ridiculous painting.
The painting is very chaotic like the artist was very angry when it was made.
the expression on her face suggests that she is annoyed
The heavy uses of dark tonal colors compared to rich contrast isn’t there with this painting.
The man looks confused as to why the woman looks angry or upset, she looks at him like she does not want him there in her area bothering her while she is reading.
The facial expressions of these individuals appear angry and frustrated
The red wide strokes look like they were done in an angry hurried slashing way, like the artist just threw the paint on the canvas; The darker bold colors of blue, red and greens all lead me down that anger, frustration path
The flowers look like they were destroyed at a certain spot from the way there's a path in the corner fro passerby's which makes me angry at who destroyed them.
The color and look is look like anger so thats why i chose this
It probably isn't but this man looks a lot like Himmler and he was almost as bad as Hitler.
It looks like it is broken down due to anger
The sharp angles and drab color scheme mixed with roses is a deterrent to the eyes
The only thing she hated more than that hat was being painted wearing that damned hat!
The peak stage of female slavery makes me anger.
The abstraction is somewhat alarming, the expression of the figure being a little irritating.
I feel angry I have no camera to take pictures with my camera was stole I'm just full of anger now because of this
he has a very stern look on his face and faces away
It is just beige on slightly darker beige, like the artist didn't even make the smallest effort to create an intriguing piece.
the man in the darkness seems to be looking for revenge
The artist used a lot of characters to create this painting but it simply makes it confusing for the viewer.
It's over crowded and too much going on, it gives me anxiety.
Within this tower atrocities went unnoticed by the authorities.
The facial features, especially the intense mouth make me feel anger.
The expression on the person's face indicates anger or at least discontent
The subject appears upset and not very friendly
This woman appears to be screaming in anger and portrayed as mad
it looks like a warrior slaughtering people who can't defend themselves
The reds and black colors in this convey an angry tone
The people seem a bit arrogant to me and not interested in others
I do not like how the guy in the sled is holding up a whip in such a threatning manner. I feel bad for the horses who he must be whipping.
The larger and duller blue lines bordering the smaller, brighter colored lines gives the impression of being held against your will.
The misused shapes make this painting angry to look at because it’s difficult to see what’s going on, and the use of dark tones puts the viewer in a bad spot.
The woman in the red dress looks to be angry as she walks heavy footed down the street to confront her husband.
the leaves look disorganized and discolored as they wrap around untidily
The direction of the paint splatters makes it seem as if the bigger mass is fighting off the smaller masses so that they can not become part of it.  It depicts non-inclusion to me, which makes me angry.
The paint looks angry and distraught based on colors and running paint
The low use of contrast makes this image undesirable. There is no good foreground.
Someone crossed a line and made grandpa mad
This woman is showing a great amount of annoyance with someone out of the picture.
Although the artist used simplicity in this painting it doesn’t seem to make the viewer happy as there is a heavy use of black.
Hemingway had warned this portraitist to stop following him...now it was time for a brutal lesson.
The simplicity in this painting makes me angry because I think about the hard work other artist put into their work.
the woman's eyebrows and the lines under her eyes are arched in a defiant way and that combined with her pursed lips makes the scene seem angry.
The man and the woman in the painting are looking at each other with contempt and this feeling comes across to me
These ships seem familiar to those during Columbus' time and are responsible for genocide.
She's a bit grumpy about the sun being in her eyes
the way the cross is being held up to the woman makes me think they believe she is evil
The naked people in the woods look full of mischief and mistrust, not a pretty sight.
the man seems anguished by this beast over his shoulder
this is the man wanted dead or alive for robbing new yorks biggest bank
the expression on her face suggests she isn't comfortable and shouldn't be undressed
The waves are big and powerful, showing anger
The color looks like a splash of blood and indicative of violence
The person in this drawing seems a bit angry, almost as if they're jealous of whatever is going on or maybe they've seen someone doing something that would trigger an angry emotion such as jealousy
a disgruntled man. I don't know why but he seems inconsolable. His anger disturbs me.
The anatomy within the figure just seems to be off. There could’ve been use of different colors in the clothing to bring out the image more.
It seems he is ready to fight and kill enemies
The woman is being tortured by the men. They are trying to rape her.
It looks like the wrath of God is on its way to root out evil.
The image shows anger in his face
The scene in the painting depicts fighting and a person being trampled
SOMEONE HAS ASKING SOMETHING TO THE  KING WITH ANGER
Why this makes me feal angry is the image is dull I can barely see it
The people in this image were badly injured and it shows cruelty towards people So it gives so much of anger
The painting displays anger as there is a heavy use of black, but also confuses the viewer because of the odd shapes being used making the image difficult to look at.
looks like war, revenge, and is filled with anger
The paintings odd shapes make the viewer angry and also the bad use of darks and lights.
Chaotic touches of the painting seems to show anger.
Greed, hubris, and ego of humans have all but destroyed Earth
The man is angered as his employees are not working hard
The painting is poorly thought out as the competition of the women’s face seems to be off. The color pallet makes the image seem dreary.
The poor use of a color pallet makes this painting undesirable. There is a negative feeling that goes amount this painting.
The woman is larger than the man and her red outfit and her face gives me an impression of anger toward the soldier and she is showing her dominance.
The dark background and furled brow of the man gives off the feeling of anger.
I have an overall feeling of anger when I look at this painting.  The angels have anger filled inside of them when Lucifer decides to betray them.
The rainbow of boxes sit in the corner and don't fill up the rest of the page as if the artist is looking to taunt the viewer. Making us wonder why they would leave so much empty space.
Overall my emotional feeling is anger while I look at this painting. It looks like the woman in red is angry at how the audiences is acting during her performance.
The image reminds me of warfare and gives the viewer an angry outlook on the world today.
This person looks very grumpy and kind of like uncle sam. I wouldn't want to be around this person.
The use of neutral tones did not do this painting well. It came off as unfinished as there could have been more contrast.
The image the woman is shying away from the man making him feel anger
The painting is displayed as negative because of the poor contrast the the artist chose.
There is no background or foreground in this painting making it difficult for the viewer to understand, which in turn makes me angry.
The woman didn't care about the lamb it is going to jump from that height, it may lead to its death.
The blotches and the smeared paint convey a feeling that anger was hastily taken out onto the canvas.
The painting gives off a bad vibe because of the sheer unfinished feeling that it gives off because of the low contrast being used.
It seems the article that he is reading makes him feel angry.
The dark red and brown colors convey an angry tone
because of see is speaking with someone person
The image depicts anger , war and death. The feel is of conflict
i feel angry that some of these people are in a servile position like slaves,
The man has an expression of distrust after he has been wronged before
This painting make me angry because the character in the painting looks in disgust.
The view of the building was not clear and it makes me anger.
Sure, Irish dancing is fun and interesting, but that guy is Norwegian and this is cultural appropriation!
This -singing make me think of a cult with little to no color.
The painting has no perspective and seems to put the viewer in a blur. The color pallet makes it seem worse.
The Knight is angry that he must ride into the next town and get more supplies for the King.
The disorganization makes it hard to focus on any one part of the painting. I do not know what the subject is.
this is what the garden looked like after he returned from the war. it was his favorite spot to sit. now overgrown and ruined
This image displays negative emotions because the character is riding a small animal which reminds me of animal abuse.
Though she was smiling, everyone knew that she despised the merry-go-round.
the sharp peaks of the hills and rockiness looks aggressive
The gray clouds give off an unfriendliness, and the boys playing with the birds are somehow infuriating.
This painting makes the viewer feel trapped as there is a number of bars that dislocate the viewers attention. The a,punt of red is unpleasant.
The girl was abducted by troglodytes and nobody saved her.
The Woman and the boy look like they're arguing and it actually makes me a little mad.
The artist did not put a lot of thought into this image as there isn’t a lot going on which makes the viewer angry.
The little girl is walking across the street slips and breaks her leg her mom is angry for the road not be safe
Her eyebrows are turned in an angry position and her mouth is turned downward like a frown, and she's squeezing her fist
This person is absolutely enraged, looks like someone just stepped on his foot and didn't apologize
Just outside of Berlin in 1942, the cargo on that train constituted an atrocity of world historical magnitude.
The painting reminds me of elder men in power of the youth. The dark tones in the painting make the viewer uncomfortable.
Because of the weather condition I  feel anger
Guy looks like he's glaring at someone just off the paper
There is a feeling of anger from the way the woman is opening her mouth and the closed nature of her eyes
This painting makes the viewer feel in caged from society. The color pallet used makes the image look repetitive.
This child is on display for a visiting dignitary, a geisha is hidden behind a screen and the men have the child on a leash of some sort.
This painting makes me angry because I simply can not tell what it is. The use of neutral tones makes the viewer uneasy.
I do not like wars and picture is presenting wars that makes me angry.
the thin line of lips he has are pursed and stern
There wasn’t a lot going on with this painting. The use of neutral tones give this painting a boring look making the viewer angry because it looks unfinished.
The painting shows a rather conflicting scene with angry faces who are uneasy with each other
Red sky seems to indicate something bad will happen
The shadow over the man's eyes, his wayward glance and stern upper lip suggests he is angry.
It looks a long hard slog up that hill
The man looks a bit angry and rather proud,  like he thinks he's better than the viewer
The simplicity of the painting makes the viewer angry because of the poor use of line work.
The lady has a very intense angry look on her face.
She's angry and about ready to flip someone off
the girl looks disdained and upset with something that happened
Brave, confident, fearless man's statue without head gives immense anger.
THE PAINTING WAS NOT IN A PROPER WAY AND THAT MADE TO GET ANGRY
This child should be wearing clothes on the beach and not be naked
the painting is showing how the world is in chaos
I have a sense of anger when I look at this painting. The man looks to be angry that he has to create a new wardrobe for the Queen because she didn't like the previous designs.
The man did not whip the horse, but he did whip the guy in the green hat to death!
The child is working in this image and it completely shows the slavery so the picture emotes angerness
The picture shows a man bitter at his rivals
they are withholding water from the man and the one holding the cup has an angry face
Above images are very old generations and look very anger feel
The Spam logo makes me think of all the Spam i get in my email messages.
The eye wants to kill somebody,Dark background color with black shirt,he look like a psycho.
You can see an enraged face in angry black and red colors
The face depicted within the abstract art looks evil
A dead serious face is formed from dark colors.
The man is painted an angry red and seems to be doing manual labor without help
The body language of the subjects in the painting makes me think they are ridiculing the woman in the bottom left
you have a couple people sitting there living like royalty while the others slaves which is sickening
The King is angry that a fought broke out during his dinner with his family.
He seems to be taking over the mountains where as all the other images were of beautiful surroundings.
Both anger and disgust could apply here as the man in the painting looks grumpy and annoyed
The people displayed in the painting seem to be fearful. The use of the bottom of the painting compared to the top doesn’t seem right.
he is sporting a grumpy look on his face which causes a feeling of anger
It made me feel angrier because the horse looks unhappy.
The overall shape of the figures in this painting is not pleasing to look at making the viewer angry. The unfinished look is not nice to look at either.
The men are being tortured. They are naked and injured with bleeding all over the body.
Children should not be out at the beach like this with no clothes on
I feel annoyed with the fact that I cannot recognize any of the multicolored fruits that are all the same shape.
Because of his fatty appearance he is very anger
Sadly, most are still unaware that the four finger symbol indicated membership in The Blood Masons.
It makes me angry because you are using the implements in an inappropriate way
There isn’t a lot of imagination in this painting. It displayed a boring background and foreground making the viewer angry by its dark appearance.
The expression on the woman's face and her black clothing are very dominant and slightly aggressive.
This looks like a banishment tied in with humiliation.
the bottom piece being off center adds a feeling of frustration
There wasn’t a lot of contrast used in this painting, and some parts of it look unfinished and blurry. There was a poor use of perspective.
The paintings subjects are as if they are lining up to be summoned. The dark tones make it daunting.
He looks like his head is on fire and he's used to it. Possibly a demon
A men seems angry and one can see his anger from his eyes.
The painting is not clear, i don't like this
There's a lot of intense and confused emotion
The boy seems not happy with his current situation and showing his anger to other people.
The man looks angry and quite a vicious person with the black eyes
The smoke coming from the chimneys is polluting the air.
The two women look angry at their boss because they were told they had to bake all the bread again.
The man's cocked eyebrow and haughty expression of superiority are very repelling.
He's angry with the person who's drawing him and want to be left alone
this looks exactly the same but the red seems negative
The heavy use of reds and blacks trigger the viewer in a bad way as it becomes judgmental with the numerical system.
The smoky background, red colors and splotchy, almost angry way the paint is thrown together makes me mad
The man seems ready to fight with anger.
the deep bright red gives off a feeling of anger
This painting makes me angry because the art is hard to focus on as there is not simple focal point, but many. The artist put to much detail and not enough perspective.
The animals are fighting and they both seem angry and frightened
The man looks like he's not very happy with the viewer.
The fiery colors signal aggression and violence
The brisk lines and bright colors seem hasty and angry
THE PERSON WAS IN A VERY PAINFUL POSITION THAT MADE ME SO ANGRY ON OTHERS PEOPLE, WHO IS AROUND HIM.
The painting displays an animal in distress which puts the viewer in an uncomfortable state of mind.
the face in this picture looks terror and it shows angriness towards something
This painting reminds me of the devastation amongst the natural world which makes me angry.
The people having to push through the snow holding handheld carriages
This piece of art makes me angry because of the stature on the man with his domination.
the horse is thirsty but is getting hit to keep moving, really makes me mad
This young man seems resentful at having to sit for his portrait
The man looks like he's not happy like he lost a war.
The amount of clutter that is in this painting makes me angry because it is hard to focus on one element.
A blue stripe across burgundy should not impress anyone, and it is vaguely irritating.
This image makes me annoyed with the artist because I wonder how someone can just draw a square and call it art.
The lack of detail in the image along with the simple use of a formless gray spot seems an insult to the viewer. It’s a really loose piece of art.
The man looks uncomfortable, like his clothes don't fit, and he wants to blame someone
I feel anger because the image depicts a young woman who has been bound or had her hands tied behind her back in an awkward position that would be painful
This painting makes the viewer feel anger because of the pure boredom of the image. The painting looks like a mistake.
The bright red and orange makes me feel angry and hyperactive.
Very first glance I saw a house on fire. I believe it's supposed to be the sun but I see arson and someone's house burning down.
Sharply looking eyes, wrinkles on forehead and grim lips expresses his anger, and scribbled art with ghostly hand makes us feel anger.
The darkness in the painting makes the viewer angry because of the little effort put into the painting.
The image is a mess and more effort should have gone into it.
There is a lot of anger and hatred depicted in the actions of the people here seen whipping Jesus. A man about to draw his sword suggests anger or a disturbance.
A lady fell down on the floor and people seems in full of anger.
Seeing a cross in red reminds me of the sacrifice of Christ and the blood that was spilt by the Romans.
While the original artist at least attempted creativity with the lighting, this artist just threw up a white block and called it art. It is lazy and the artist should be ashamed to have their name attached to it.
The two little boys are angry and so they begin to have a food fight.
This makes makes me anger compared to all. It has not natural content.
This picture represents rudeness in every image It makes me angry to see how much pain they are having
the family looks like they are being ripped away from each other
Just the color scheme gives me a feel of anger and looks mad.
The family of the largest bakery in the King's land are angry. They are angry and demand a staff meeting on how to fight the King's new bakery law.
His angled features and the heavy set shadowing makes him seem upset
He is facing away from the other man as in he is leaving or done with the sitaution as if they were fighting and now one has to leave the room
This body of water seems to be drying up and is leaving behind a bed of refuse as it ebbs.
IT IS NOT CLEARY VIVID AND BAD IMAGED PAINTING.
I feel anger because she looks beaten up and abused
Two men are fighting with each other with so much anger. No one is stopping them.
The tipped over shoe not being fixed or put the right way makes me angry.
it is a very uneasy feeling seems to show rage
The man looks very egoistic from the way he is sitting and with the ugly look on his face which makes me angry.
Jesus seems resigned, but the two men beating him are clearly angry.
The deep reds and firey orange and yellows make me feel passion and anger just as the glimpse
The painting gives off an angry emotion because it is difficult to tell what exactly is going on with the image which upsets the viewer. There is no distinction between the background and foreground.
The gorilla seems very angry at woman who is in danger.
The expression on the girls face makes me feel anger because of the startled and confused look on her face.
The image depicts anger  and a possibility of war and conflict
The children called him "Wrong Way Hussein" throughout grade school.
They all look incredibly smug and it looks kind of annoying
The predominantly red hue suggests that this man was a violent character
The trees are like a single way and represents the there is in solo way.
The man is bitter as his wife has left him
Two men are wrestling with each other in anger and pain at the same time.
The red paint looks like blood has been splattered
This painting simply had to much going on and it was hard to come up with a focal point.
No neatness in this place. It makes me anger.
The figure in this painting seems to be distraught making the viewer feel the same way.
The painting shows some angry face maybe looking for how to revenge a situation
The little girl is angry that she didn't receive the one birthday present she absolutely wanted.
The lines on the childs chin show tension. The way the childs eyebrows are straight lines, like she is trying to keep her face neutral. Also the child's thumb on the container seems ridged.
The man makes me angry, his facial expression makes him look very controlling over the other person.
The man eyes has some evil thoughts and look something that makes him anger.
The lack of tension in her forehead and the way her mouth turns up at the corners implies an inherent coldness and cunning intelligence.
the woman seems angry at the painter and is glaring
The [singing was hard to transcribe which made it difficult for the viewer. The neutral tones did not appear well with the vibrant tones.
The poor uses of perspective and line work make the image appear unfinished which angers the viewer. The heavy blacks make it fearful as well.
The man is angered at his enemies who have wronged him
The character in the image is giving off an angry emotion 3hich in turns makes the viewer unpleased to be in its presents.
It looks like the woman is upset and is being held against her will by the man.
standing person is trying to kill the other one who is trying to fight back
Farmed fields that were once open plains or dense woods, being destroyed by capitalist control of man
The painting shows that the boy is sad and angry
The guy in the painting looks unhappy and even seems angry on something.
For 40 years they languished in exile...but "Zeke" told the same bad jokes every time that stopped for a rest.
The person standing has complete control over the people beneath them
in the name of god lot of evil things happening in the church nowdays
Many people are treated as slaves by the one person. It was so rude
The tree that is cut is a clear indication of how people do not care about their future and for others. The tree will no longer produce fruits to help the society in general.
The guy in the middle just starts screaming at everybody in anger when it was all just peaceful
The heavy use of dark colors makes this painting seem dreary giving the viewer an angry emotion as there could have been a better paint pallet.
it's bold and bright and makes me feel very anxious.
Shades and contrast of the colors and the uneven shapes create anger feel.
The shape is not perfect. Perfection is important to show neat.
The harsh lines make the image appear angry.
The angel comes marching in angry that the woman betrayed its trust and now going to banish her to hell for eternity.
the stark bright red puts the viewer in an angry mood
The way he is glaring in his eyes makes him seem mad.
here a  man was attacking the women so i get upset by saw this image and angry also..
The man on the right looks to be walking towards that boy while naked
this image very ugly to see,i get anger by looking this image.
Presupposes the superiority of God over the dog, one of God's creations
The man on the left looks like he is trying to kick this woman
above image shown a muddy area so i get upset and anger by looking at this one.
My overall emotional feeling is anger while I look at this painting. I am angry because I just witness that man steal. He’s running away from the scene of the crime.
Instead of holding the other person in a loving way she just has her thrown over her should like a bag of flower.
The lady is filled with jealousy at more pretty women around her
Neverending temptation no matter what it is still there. Trapped in my own sanity.
The colors splattered together seems as they were made in anger. The red makes me think of blood splatter like someone just stabbed someone.
The wealthy man is living off his riches but not paying his workers adequately
Seeing the smoke in the air makes me think of all the future air pollution
The young boy is all alone and he looks skinny.
The old man is angry that his friends don't believe a word he said about a demon taking his wife away.
the middle-aged pale skinned woman looks unhappy and annoyed
The two fishermen become angry when they start to argue who caught the biggest fish.
The figures poor perspective and low use of colors make the painting unfinished which makes the viewer angry.
The Philosopher is angry that his best student decides to betray him and go against his teaching.
Seeing all these people together makes me think we will never get out of COVID
THIS PICTURE SHOWS  A MAN MAKES A MUSIC BUT THAT MAKES ME AS IRRITATING SO I ANGERED
In this painting the picture is not clear.
She looks like she might be under the influence of something to pose for something
The man is furious that his proposition has not been accepted
the stark shade of red gives off a feeling of anger because red is the color of anger
The man is full of spite at his counterparts who have betrayed him
THIS PICTURE SHOWS  SO MANY HOUSES BUILTS WITHOUT ANY DISTANCE,ITS MAKE ME AS IRRITATING SO I AM VERY ANGER
The Queen is angry at the King for betraying her trust and decides that she must become in charge of the Kingdom.
These men look to be fighting over this woman who has no choice of her own
The teenage girl is angry with her parents that she is being sent off to boarding school.
The mother is annoyed by her fussy child
The man is furious as his food supply has run out for his family
This picture has red like anger and dark and scary.
The persons' mouth is in a angry fashion - he looks mad. It also looks like something is pouring on him, which leads me to believe he's fed up.
This looks like someone is looking at a little girl in a creepy way
This painting is of a naked women trying to bathe and the men are going to try to rape her.
The man is angry at his best friend for stealing his girl friend and plots revenge.
The officer is getting money from the lady it seems to be rude and slavery things which emotes so much of anger
The picture denotes the violence associated with fighting a war
The two friends are in disagreement and furious at one another
Pictured is a tyrant who has caused harm to his people
Towns people become angry after the watch a street performers mock their government.
In this image, they shown very scattered painting so we get angry by this image.
The man is struggling to appease opposing parties in an argument
The man is enraged at his boss' false promises
The man is angered at not receiving the respect he deserves
Eichmann had made it to South America and avoided Nuremberg.
Someone is making these kids do all the work when they need more help
seems like the guy in the photo kill a  women since he is being restrained by a mob
While this man looks nice, he looks like someone that tells inappropriate jokes and gets away with it
The man is furious and vows not to let his enemy get away
The picture looks red and angry. The picture looks dark not happy.
EVERY WOMAN IN THIS PICTURE WERE LOOKING LIKE A SLAVE THAT MADE ME ANGRY
The view of a police vehicle makes the viewer angry because of the unfair society between police brutality and living freely.
The womans face expressions make her look full of anger
The CEO is angry after he finds out his deal fell through with his company.
The person on the left carrying baby in his shoulder, And the man who is in the right side is makes him slave.
The dirty tile like painting makes the viewer mad because of the disgust that it showcases.
A brawl gone wrong, anger due to two against one who is about to die.
Looks like the type of guy that claims victory even though he had nothing to do with it
I keep telling you, I have never heard of this “Tinker Bell” you have been talking about.
This man has a vindictive look on his face and seems to be plotting the demise of another.
because he is standing there looking all serious looking angry about something
This one makes me feel angry due to the fact is seems as if she is ready and waiting on someone and they haven’t shown up yet. Anger due to always having to wait for what she wants.
Every person is attacking one single person and it gives so much anger looking at the picture
The heavy texture and use of dark tones make the viewer angry because of the busyness of the painting.
The color pallet in this painting uses a mix of conflicting colors and the brush strokes and movement of the water indicate a sense of anger or defiance that were not present in the original painting.
The farmer is angry at his neighbor and decides to light his trees on fire.
They look as if they are cursing God, yelling and shouting at Him.
This old man make a evil smile and it is irritating.
On Animal Farm, some pigs are “more equal” than others.
This makes me think that someone is spying on her while she sleeps
this image is about a bald old man, so i get anger by saw this one.
THE WOMEN IN THIS PAINTING HIDING THEIR FACE THAT LOOKS LIKE THEY ARE SERVANT AND THIS MAKES ME ANGRY.
The colors of darkness and anger the painting just looks angry.
his expression is one of a guilty man who knows he's been caught
I immediately was able to envision smog. It made me think of pollution above a city of black smoke underneath a red sky.
A woman whose voice, whose identity has been stolen from them.
The picture shows a lady frustrated with her husband
He knew that his gout would make this a miserable journey.
THE BOOKS ARE NOT UNIFORMLY SETTLED IN THE RACK THAT MADE ME ANGRY
THIS PAINTING IS VERY DISORDERED THE PEOPLES ARE FIGHTING EACH OTHER AND SOME OF THEM ARE INJURED SO I FEEL ANGRY BY SEEING THIS.
the man has an angry look on his face like he is mad at someone
The males in this image seem to be enjoying themselves, while the female seems to be catering to the one of the men.
The bright red color signifies violence and bloodshed
THE PLACE OF THE IMAGE SEEMS LIKE UGLY THAT MADE ME AN  ANGER
it is dark image and the climate is not good a person is standing alone here so i feel angry.
this is not looking like a painting its like a poster
The man is shocked by a derogatory statement towards him
here there have rush e a lot of people ,the place is very rush and i feel angry.
the person in the photo is angry at this pesons kind and has an  upset look to them
The picture depicts blood splattering on a canvas
pain, fighting, struggling, fumbling, the art is rough and pale, there isnt much dignity, they are warn out trying to not fall off the battlefield, its tense.
the broad brush strokes of red resemble the color of anger
The misuse of line work and random color pallet makes the viewer angry because of the artist unwillingness to create a better form of artwork.
The disoriented way the scenes are joined creates tension and anger.
This image makes me feel anger why beacause why the hand all on my bowl you might as well just put your hand in my bowl
he looks sickly and upset around his eyes and the tone of his lips, he looks up like hes not happy, almost as if he is about to pout. the background is washed out
it is very clumsy forest and there have undefined path also i get anger by looking at the painting.
IN THIS PICTURE THE LADY LOOKS WITHOUT DRESS THAT MADE ME ANGRY
THE MAN DID NOT WEAR ANYTHING SO IT MADE ME  ANGRY
The people in the painting look like they are arguing. The way the one person is in the other person's face and their stance shows aggression. The colors, specifically the dark black and green used in the painting contribute to the angry vibe as well..
The guy was so anger he lost his canoe to the heavy current
a man in the shadows stares ahead and has an angry look on his face
This seems angered everyone chained up, they look frustrated.
The baby was a sitting duck, and Mommy had stockpiled frozen meatballs.
The photo looks like torn up paper which makes me a little angry.
This woman looks like she would have needed to kill a bunch of foxes to create her outfit
in this painting the girls looks nude in beach
the figure seems angry from being locked into this maze of painted emotions
Red with a tear in it freaky image
The expression of the man on the right, the position of the man on the left and the expression of the woman standing on the platform make me feel that they're bugging her for some reason, which makes me angry for her.
This man looks angered in this photo.
EVERY ANIMALS IN THIS PICTURE WERE LOOKING LIKE A SLAVE THAT MADE ME ANGRY
The lines look like flames and the red on the top feels melted, like something good has been destroyed
The subject of the painting looks to be rather unhappy and angry
I f you don't listen to my commands like I been saying I will destroy you if you don't stop addressing ager to the people
Unlike the two individuals in the first painting, these two seem to be very disagreeable with one another. They both look resigned to a life without communication or happiness.
A powerful woman whips pigs in order for them to work faster.
The bright red canvas represents violence and rage
The young Scholar is angry that his teachers don't believe a word he said about Lucifer being the fallen angel.
The painting looks three horse man cruel with one poor  man ,who looks very sad and poor. It feels me anger
Almost the whole image an red, backdrop and the apples, but this gives a sense of being upset, irritated and angry
This is a set up painting very obviously. I do not like that the fruit are sitting on a cloth. Unlike the others which are on tables and in baskets, this gives off a strange feel being on fabric. The dark wall in the background is depressing and the room this seems to be in looks dark.
People being forced into labor is still a problem in the world
John Wilkes Booth posed just days before he crept up behind Lincoln.
The stark contrast between the blue and green and abstract nature of the image provokes me
The people sit around to get a let down from the leader that he will be collecting taxes from peoples work people are anger by this
The man  has a narrowing to his eyes and a pursing of his lips which makes him look angry.
The yellow flower bursting from her mouth makes me feel that the overpainted woman is being objectified, which makes me feel angry.
The 2 woman get to arguing over the newpaper so the other woman throws it down out of anger
What do they mean “our kind” are not allowed inside?
The bean looking shapes against the bony background, dripping with some grime seem revolting.
I get angry emotion from this image I can't see it that well
Everybody wants to hold the special baby the woman getting to anguing about I should get to hold the baby to but the woman that is holding the baby is selfish about it and the woman stand there inanger over the situation
ALL PICTURE THERE WAS SAME SLIGHTLY DIFFERENT  AND IT WAS TOO BLACK THAT MADE ME AS DISGUST
The big stone arch at the middle of the sea shore is disturbing and odd looking and so it gives a anger feel.
while looking at this i feel kind of angry feel
How many times did she need to tell him that the slipper did not fit?
The red in the painting makes me feel angry.
The man's expression and posture instills distrust
The image doesn't contain the full pose, it contains only the leg so it make to feel anger
The dark colors provoke me and the cherubs in the sky seem like they may do something dangerous.
I am full of anger this looks like my image but not finished
The jagged edges get me riled up a little, this painting feels sharp and dangerous
this painting make me feeling so depression and lonely
This girl looks angry and afraid, like she might hate me
two men fight each other with swords as they sit atop of their horses
The guy can no longer ride his horse somethings getting built on the path where he rides his horse inspite of this he is very angry about this
The man has been betrayed and seeks revenge towards those who wronged him
Some parents teach children to swim by throwing them at ducks in the local pond.
compare with other painting this feels me discomfort
they guys in the phot are fight to the death and some are fight for their life
THE IMAGE OF THE LADY DID NOT WEAR CLOTH ON CHEST . SO THAT MADE ME ANGER
This man's eyes look mean and angry, and I don't think he would like me
She said, “No, he doesn’t bite,” as a ruse to lure the portraitist closer.
THE CHICKEN IS HANGING WITH ROPE THAT MADE ME ANGRY
THAT LADY'S DRESSING SENSE WAS SO BAD THAT MADE ME ANGRY
an old woman holding cleaning supplies has a very angry look on her face
A man murdered as his protectors charge to help, but are too late.
this is busy area lots of things have here the people are also rush i feel angry.
The guy in the painting looks mad, as if something annoying just happened to him.
the older man is dressed in his military uniform and looks extremely grumpy
Who is this clown, and why is he stealing my books?
Normally, cherubs do not fight, but Teddy had said the wrong thing about Buddy’s mother.
this painting is not clear and feel me like so disappointment
the buildings appear to be pumping out horrible thick black toxic smoke
The monkey's face looks angry and it's stealing fruit from the table
The misused shapes make this painting hard for the viewer to read making them angry.
the woman looks uncomfortable and the man shouldn't be touching her like that
This looks like my image but not so colorful which angers me I hate these dull colors
THE BIRD HURT AN OLD MAN THAT MADE ME ANGRY
Everything from the Native Americans was stolen away. Looking at this picture Issa slap in the face knowing the Native American woman still has to put her livilhood in the hands of the white man. It will never change, we will always be on the bottom.
A beautiful bouquet has been ruined and the watering pot is broken and the nose of it fixed with a flower and this gives a great deal of anger feel.
The positions of the colors and combination of the colors remind me of intense burning anger. Uncontrollable anger.
The sharp angles of the buildings, the contrast of color compliments and the apparent disrepair of the scene leave me feeling angry and hostile.
The pinched lips and tight jaw line give the woman an angry look.
Group of men stand a top of another, humiliating and tormenting him.
this painting don't have any attractive color
The man is furious at having his book idea rejected
the deep black and stark bright red leaves one with a feeling of anger since red is the color of anger
compare with other painting is dull and disappointment
the warrior looking seems upset that something killed the animal before he could
The unknowingness of the artist potential makes the viewer angry because the painting is just misused shapes.
This kid looks extremely annoyed or mad at something. It looks like he's grounded and has to stay where he's at for awhile.
The image looks like whoever draw this was full of anger you can tell how some of the same colors are darker than the other same color
the man with a huge sword appears to be murdering them
this painting me dissatisfaction and upset compare to others
Give me that damned book! I've told you a million times, no limericks at the dinner table!
The man’s expression suggests he is feeling angry.
The man rides into town out of anger starts making threats
Both objects in the photo look angry and mean and I feel anger looking at it.
She seems angered that he is already asleep and she wanted to be intimate.
Wind can destroy the whole area because there is no trees to avoid destruction from the wind.
The uneven lines and the poor craftsmanship of the artist make the viewer angry because of their poor work.
Although we are supposed to feed our pets, there is no reason why we should leave all the food to them and go hungry because of them and yet we are the ones who normally toil to get food.
this painting make so disappointment compare with other painting
I told her not to wear yellow to a funeral, but she had to be unique!
a portrait of an old man gives off a feeling of anger due to the disgruntled angry look on his face
The bright red signifies a sense of violence and brutality
The season of the year is beautiful but too many people are crowded everywhere and you really cannot enjoy it.
This man seems stern and unhappy like he could start yelling at me
Diseases that affect the crops especially in big farms should be maintained by the government through provision of giving out solutions like spraying the crops.
The facial expression has a lot of undertones to it.
IN THIS PICTURE THE GIRLS  LOOKS LIKE VERY ANGRY  THAT MADE ME TO CHOOSE AS ANGRY
IN THIS IMAGE THE TWO MEMBERS WERE FIGHTING EACH OTHER THAT MADE ME ANGRY
compare with other painting this feels me so disappointment
4 men approach looking very angry as if they're about to start a fight
This image makes the viewer angry because it reminds them of the devastation of the worlds landscape.
These colors do not mesh well together. The green-on-red and green-on-black combinations are jarring. The painting is uneven, with some areas not completely filled in, thereby detracting from the painting's quality.
She claimed she knew how to hold a baby. She was lying.
The painting shows a man setting a ship on fire which is bad for the ships owner. They are up to no good which puts the viewer in anger.
This image makes me angry theres 2 of them so it makes it harder for which one to pick what angers me
The symbols on the tablet are confusing and that frustrates me
The man looks very annoyed by something around him.
The subject of the painting seems frustrated and looks to be complaining
Robert looked at the crowd around him and thought, "By this time tomorrow, the explosives will have changed all of these lives forever."
IN THIS IMAGE FLOWERS ARE NOT ATTRACTIVE THAT MADE ME ANGRY
Shrunk eyes, shape of the nose, dense mustache and beard give a feel that he is a moron and hence give the anger feel.
If you move, I will slice this razor right through your carotid artery, Missy!
The little-heralded Fifth Horseman of the Apocalypse was always late for work.
the chaotic patterns and the stark red, which is the color of anger, gives off a unique vibe
how they are treating peoples in the olden days its kind of wired
Seems angry due to some one painting on a beautiful painting
A man is crucified surrounded by a mob of people.
The girl is frustrated at all the lies from her husband
The man in the painting looks angry and unhappy
The bright red is a sign of violence and fury combined
This painting shows a man with a angry or annoyed face.  He is not happy at all.
No painting,  just a cross mark on a white paper gives a negative feel and hence anger.
a man in the crown has a somewhat angry look on his face
The women are gossiping and talking bad about people behind their backs
there is a hidden person rudely peeping on the lady at the window
The rooster regarded this as cultural appropriation, but no one cared...because of speciesism.
The woman is presented like a feast upon a table with no movement or grace or beauty.
The townspeople came to their senses and this was the final baby-hurling contest they ever sponsored.
this woman has an angry look on her face and it seems like she's planning to get revenge somehow
how badly behaving to an women its very sad to see
In the Gulag, razors were regarded as luxury items...and Anton was not one for luxuries.
the old kings rule and they treat peoples as their slaves
it's horrible how they've nailed him to the cross in such pain
they appear to be having an angry fight with each other which isn't good because people should never fight
Black color is mostly used and the black vertical and horizontal lines create a raw feel and give anger feel.
some angel is watching them and all are in great pleasure
This portrait looks angry due to the colors looking dark and ruff
a group of 3 men discuss something serious and look like they could explode in anger at any time
Edgar Alan Poe had awoken to find that his drunken buddies had shaved him in a most unbecoming fashion. He began writing "A Cask of Amontillado."
I keep telling you to stop handling the avocados! The next one you touch...you're buying.
Above picture looks an uncomfort for the waters
The man in the picture is looking to somewhere else , so i feel angry to him.
The first piece is kind of amusing, it might be the ladies were enjoying some behaviors not usual for society.  This work seems to say this woman might feel passed over and therefore angry for not enjoying some of the fun.
There is nothing pleasant in this painting. It makes me angry.
a man who is sitting oh a horse , i feel very angry that th horse get tired.
The painting is of house that is not well maintained and the people are sitting in front of the house, i feel angry on the image.
The look on the image's eyes brings a serious nature and kind of an angry feel
the forest is very scattered and the trees are not grown neatly, so i feel angry.
This is a painting of a very dark deep forest, feel very uncomfortable and angry.
This is painting of town area and here the people walking and standing here and there, feel very angry.
The painting is of working people and here they are rushing and i feel angry.
The mountains are sharp and seem hostile while the valley appears stark and desolate.  It feels unfriendly and unwelcoming which evokes feelings of defensiveness and anger.
This people wants something and they are pleased to the person. This makes me angry.
The random lines and different use of colors mixed together make this painting pointless to the viewer.
A lot of people were beaten. It make me anger.
This painting looks cruel and makes me anger towards them.
The chef is angry with how she did not receive a raise. So she plots on making poisonous duck for the King.
they are fighting and attacking each other and biggest man
The orange tones create an image of anger and rage
Lady was sitting here with half covered and she is looking more careless, so i feel angry.
The image appears to have been drawn in anger, and that's the emotion I feel when looking at it, it's difficult to make out what it is exactly and that in itself angers me slightly but also the harsh strokes seem a little too aggressive to appreciate any of it
The women all seem very cross with each other.
the girl is some one angry with look for the sight
In the image the man has a most terror face
There is a lot going on with this painting making the viewer feel unwelcome. There is a heavy use of texture.
these dark frosted mountains look angry and with rage in there massive presence
It looks like pieces of trash that were littered all over the place
the subject of the painting looks very angry
The person looks something anger and looks someone very rudely.
i feel angry by this picture because the lady is ugly and there have an owl also.
Woman in this photo looks like a devil and it has made me Anger
a very loving but poor mother simply trying to feed and clother her children
The man is about to take the horse for a ride even though it’s storming
dog and other animal of fight and bleeding in place and soundfully
This man in this image looks anger and something danger thinking in his mind.
It looks like something, possibly an animal, is tied to the tree
This woman looks like she will not take "NO" as answer ever.  I bet this woman puts people to death.
The woman is thinking, "he may have apologized, however, this little red flower is not going to make me feel any better".   I am still mad at him.
The area in the image is very hard paths and hill area , so i feel angry in it.
The man with rude expression and he is with long bearded , so i feel anger on him.
Here the man in the painting is naked and he is playing some musical instrument, I feel very angry by seeing this.
This makes me feel a mix of anger and sadness. The death of any creature makes me sad, but this scene feels traumatic which makes me angry at whatever kill the bird.
I do not like comic book drawing and THey look angry
This is a dark and blurry image of a man and he look like messy in his appearance ,so i feel angry.
This painting makes me anger because a boy was sitting and he is looking very tensed.
The King is angry and demands his men line up for battle with the neighboring King.
This image contains plastics, wastes in water. It pollutes the water makes me angry.
Here the painting is that hills area and it is very dark, feel angry .
This picture is kind of gross with the person standing completely naked showing everything
Here so many people are standing and sitting around a man who is sitting in chair , there one person fell down in his leg and he is kicking . i feel very angry .
The painting as viewable by the angerness for the people
the mountain was dark in color an found to be hard so i feel angry on it.
The man live a single life and he is looking like a ghost
the man has a very angry look and appears ready to fight
this painting give more anger emotion with an fight
The professor is angry that he got fired from his teaching job
The climate is very cloudy and the sea will going to react with it, so felt angry.
It is one painting that is found very bad  because there did not have any colorful trees or flowers only there have green, so felt angry.
This man has evil in his smile and it makes me feel anger towards him.
i feel anger because the lady in the painting wear a local dress and she is used so many ornaments.
The use of small red dots is annoying to the viewer because it is difficult to see what is going on with the figure, making the viewer angry.
This dark dreary feel of the painting reminds me of a dark time in American history.
The painting looks very dark and scary which makes me mad
The poor use of detail in the figures face is saddening and the random lines make the viewer mad.
The first one looks like the hustle and bustle of everyday life. This one looks like slavery.
This reminds me of stories when a girl who was perfectly in the right, due to the laws and customers of her time was told she was wrong and made to apologize and be penitent.
His facial expression make it seem like he is judging me for messing up while work.
He isn't happy about something currently happening in his life.
The above image looks like a Unexcitement for the view
Nothing in this image. It makes me anger and disgusting to see this.
the image is crowded and i get distracted from this and feel angry.
The hazy appearance in the horizon gives the impression there is a moisture in the air. Typically there would be many mosquitos out, which would be incredibly irritating.
The farmer is angry that the King wont accept his goat for the festival.
This image just angers me those dark evil eyes tells she is a evil woman
Squinted eyes and the hand gestures show annoyance and anger
The people were getting beaten in the picture and gives so much of anger towards the ruler
the subject of the painting looks like is left to take care of the kid alone
A lady is without the dress in front of the animals.
this greenery of the trees and foliage looks menacing and ragefully
When talking to someone, facial expression is very vital because it shows that he is irritated with something and that is why he is looking at one point.
The woman's face gives off the impression she would be difficult to converse with should there be a disagreement. She appears stuck in her ways.
there's multiple dead bodies handing from the tree branches
The lack of color scheme planning along with repercussion pattern effect evoke anger due to the waste of pictorial space.
This painting made me feel anger because the image isn't clear no more it's just dull
One woman sees other two without knowing their intention. This makes me sad.
My overall emotional feeling is anger.  The men look to be cold and angry with each other and have to decide who is going to be the new leader.
THE MAN WAS LOOKING LIKE A THEIF SO THAT MADE ME ANGRY
a young man with red hair sits and stares with an angry look on his face
the men appear to be holding the woman down to abuse her
Here it is some function or praying moment and there the people are crowded an i get angry to see this.
The man is pulling on the woman who clearly doesn't want to go with him. The poor little cow is trapped.
The picture make me feel angry because it is smoke in the image .
Usually the animals are pulling the vehicle but here a man is pulling. so i fell angry.
It is two people are kissing and i get angry by their behavior.
The wife is filled with anger as she sits at the piano slamming her fingers against the piano keys. She angry because her husband decided she was not good to be a part of the company party.
The darkness in this painting and use of texture brings anger to the viewer because of its simplicity.
i feel very angry because the people are bonded with their hands and they are naked.
This woman appears to be scorned and in distress
The animals looks like it is very scarificed
The depth of the color brings fear and anger from what looks to be hands tied
the painting is blurred and nothing will understood by this, so i feel angry.
This man appears to be waiting alone and impatiently in the snow.
a man with a serious face stares at anger at something beyond the portrait
It is a sea shore area and it is not in clean ,there have lot of houses so i feel angry.
This anger me because back then they just walk around with there kids naked weird as fuck.
Her face looks uneasy and unpleasant and does not gives a good positive energy makes me angry.
In this image the man is hurt the girl.
It is one house that is shown here and it is not well maintained, so i feel anger.
The painting of a man had angry face
This man looks anger and terrible in his eyes. This man looks evil.
The man is looking very rude and he is a smoker, so i feel anger to him.
The horse is drinking water but the man is sitting that time on the horse, i feel so sad and anger .
Tree has no leaves and looks unnatural. It makes me angry to destroy the nature.
This man's eye looks something angry towards someone and makes me angry towards him.
The focus of the painting looks very far and dark
This image looks polute by industries and cause harm to the environment.
It is very deep and dark forest and the paths were not found on it, so i feel fear and a this.ngry about
THE PLACE WAS LOOKING SO CROWD THAT MADE ME ANGRY
The blue color hills and rocks are getting angry to me.
The nude concept is good. But the images are not clear.
THIS PICTURE HAVE ONLY THE GREEN TREES , THERE NO FLOWERS ON IT SO I GET ANGRY.
THE PLACE OF THIS IMAGE LOOKS MORE TRAFFIC AT PEAK HOURS SO THAT MADE ME ANGRY
Here the old man looking to naked man , so i feel angry to the naked one.
This image anger me I can't see the image that good
A child without shoes can endanger her body by being cut by sharp stones and some bush trees.
The dark scene of nature is getting very angry to me because there nothing to see.
The man was looking rude and the face of him is very terrible, so i felt angry.
This place looks pollute and harm to the environment.
In this image the man is very angrily sit on the chair
Instead of awe, this crowd seems motivated by anger and fear
The heavy use of blue and no other colors make the viewers feel unwelcome.
Zeus is angry and suddenly decides to strike his lighting bolt to the man and his farm animals.
a young man with red hair has a somewhat angry look on his face and i feel it too
The banker is angry of how is investments have been over taken by the company.
It looks like smoke pollution coming out of a factory
The man is angry at his wife for wanting to sell a piece of their piece of land
There are two eyes in the picture looking at me and the mouth with blood streaming down from it and I think it is looking straight at me.
the anger three person in persecute beast together
The people are sitting and chatting with each other , it is very clumsy and i felt angry.
The furrowed frown of the brow, the piercing stare of the eyes, and the clenched mouth make the man appear very angry.
The King's priest is angry with how the Queen demanded he change his teachings to the school children.
This boy looks angry and rude towards all. It makes me fear.
the eye and face look at the sight of anyone
I feel anger in this painting because of the expression of the man in the painting. His eyebrows being slightly furrowed & the direction his eyes are looking, show anger.
All the smoke coming out is polluting the air
This man appears to be pondering giving a punishment out of anger.
this snow and ice capped mountain looks angry and full of rage
this child sit and doing dirty in this water. It makes me anger.
The scribble lines make the viewer furious because of the unaware intentions of the artist. The figures seem to be distressed.
The womans face seems angry and troubled. This painting makes me feel angry from looking at such an angry expression.
some peoples are running some of them sitting and some standing in the sea shore , i fell disgust by this painting.
The persons in the picture were smoking  it gives lots of anger to look at them
THE HORRIFYING FACE IN THIS PAINTING IS SMOKING AND THAT MADE ME ANGRY.
here the painting contain snow filled hills so i feel angry.
the subject of the painting looks like there is no one there to enjoy it
In the painting the people are to far back for me to see
In this image the girl  is in a angry mood
The bed shrouded in darkness, the man's annoyed stance and angry expression. Was he preparing for bed? Was he pulled out of bed due to some foolishness?
This woman appears to be alone and trapped in hiding.
People are trying hard to get the fish which can lead to lack of fish for future refences.
The soldiers are angry with the kings new orders and plan on there next attack of taking down the king.
The image is clumsy because of crowd , all the people going here and there, i feel angry.
This water is more polluted and harm to the environment and makes me angry.
The wife is angry that her husband doesn’t treat her with respect. So she decides that she will not cook dinner for him.
HERE PEOPLE ARE CROWDED IN SOME AREA AND SOME OF THEM ARE NAKED, I FEEL ANGRY TO THEM.
This painting spreads confusion as there is a poor use of shapes making the viewer angry.
This man in this painting looks evil in his eyes and something wrong in his thinking.
This man looks like a greedy banker that would not give much money to it's employees.
Looks like a artificial white flower and it makes me angry.
The gentleman is filled with anger as he soon finds out his wife told the police of what her husband did to the neighbor's wife.
The being's facial expression appears to be evil
the man appears to be in the process of murdering the person he is holding in place. the red of the cloak is like blood getting ready to pour down onto the captive.
This image made me angry and gives a unpleasant feel to see this.
Its makes me angry that some of the beautiful flowers have fallen down and withered.
The young man has frowns on his forward with a determined look ready to fight his opponent.
This place looks polluted and there is no cleanliness. It makes me angry.
The women is appear in naked body to other people and i felt very angry.
The women was torchled by the man and she is in fear it gives me so much of anger
The black rock and the mountains are not likable and it makes me anger.
The king wanted revenge on the traitors who spilled his secrets.
the image brings a feeling of too much seriousness hence the anger feel
the dark character that is tied up in the glass gives this a very negative emotion
Red color always indicate danger and terror and it gives angerness while looking at it
the contrasting colors elicit an anger response instead of a soothing one like the first
Looks very angry towards someone and looks rude. Angry towards seeing him.
The suicidal motion of the knife at the throat makes me angry that someone can take their life
It is going to rain in the area because the sky is cloudy , i feel very angry.
I hate the sound of horn so I get angry when I see this
I hate it when my computer crashes and I can't figure out what's wrong.
The Honorable Judge is filled with anger as he has been given the case of the H.H. Holmes.
the women is trying to remove her cloths one by one , so i get angry by looking at this painting.
The man looks like he's upset to be interrupted by the woman and that they don't like each other
the man in the painting appears to be stalking the woman
The sky looks very dark and very scary to me
the man's posture looks hostile and closed off, as though he doesn't want to be there
Some mans are beating the other peoples it makes me to feel anger.
A man is raising his hand to women. One woman appears to be crying.
The angry man looks like he is yelling at the animal
There is a dark tone as a result of the black background
This painting is just opposite of the given painting. This painting implicitly anger feeling
The splotches of paint that the artist used are confusing to look at. The texture used makes the viewer angry.
He does not look happy to have his photo taken.
A poor donkey is taking over weight and the man here is giving the weight to the donkey, i feel angry to the man.
In this image the lady got very angry and standing in the floor
THIS PICTURE LOOKS VERY DIRTY FLOWERS  WITH MULTI COLOR THAT MADES ME TO CHOOSE AS ANGER
the subject of the painting has the look of a child who is being petulant.
THE WARRIORS ARE ATTACKED WOMAN AND HER BABIES. SO IT MADE ME ANGRY
The young student is angry that he is not understanding the assignment on human anatomy.
This image has a dark tone and evokes rage or anger.
The painting that is a , man, he is within angry face
It is very angry to see the people are crowded in a particular area.
The man's armor would make it difficult to harm him in battle. His unfriendly demeanour in his face gives the impression he would be willing to harm someone.
This man is smiling but in a way that shows anger or rage
This image portrays about the dryness and without water life would be worse so I feel angry.
The heavy colors and dark contrast make this painting look unappealing to the viewer causing anger.
The three men and hanging on crucifixes to die and people are crying around them.
This women looks she is in anger and think of something that is dangerous.
The given image has a animal body and human face. The face is very angry.so it has a negative emotion
This painting is scattered and there have a lot of colors , So it is not used properly and i feel angry.
The couples are doing some sexual activity , i feel angry on it.
The man's face exudes anger. with a snarling look on his features.
This image right here really angers me where the people and why isn't there no human nothing
The image in this photo looks a frightened man so I feel Anger
The blue and clouded atmosphere makes me very angry.
The orange and red tones create an angry image.
THAT COUPLE LOOKS SO ROMANTIC SO IT MADE ME ANGRY
The shapes used in this painting make the viewer angry because of their poor position in the image.
The man is angry at his brother taking his job from him
This area is not clean and un natural. Looks angry towards this place.
The baker is angry that the woman gave his bakery a bad review.
feel very angry because here the painting shows that some factory working and they eliminating the smoke to atmosphere.
THE LADY OF THIS PICTURE SO BAD AT DRESSING IT MADE ME ANGRY
The man has a stern look and  his eyes are intently focused  and mouth is pinched.
The people are get occupied in the dark space, so feel angry.
This is painting of a horrible forest , i feel very angry by looking at this.
His face looks anger and danger to all. This makes me angry.
The miss use of texture and the blandness of the people makes the viewer mad as the landscape continues without a focal point.
One person is trying to abuse a lady, the another man was also watching it.
the subject of the painting looks like is the only food the artists has
The painting appears to be to busy and to much texture was used by the artist making the viewer angry.
i feel very angry and uncomfortable because the lady did't wear anything.
The image is undefined because it contains so many things , i feel very anger.
Here an old man standing and he is with messy hair and bearded  , i feel angry to see him.
This man scolds another man and looks angry and makes me angry.
The heavy use of blues and no other colors make the viewer angry because of the artist choices.
distance of water to house makes me feel anger especially the dark leaves on the left gives anger vibes
The way the soldier is staring, I feel he is thinking of ways to take advantage of the woman.
The snobbish lady looks arrogant and self-centered. She only thinks of herself and doesn't care about other's feelings.
Her eyebrows are sharp and furrowed, I can tell she is angry.
The man was doing some bad things in the  paintings , so i feel angry on it.
The angry citizens marched and protested out on the streets.
The environment is so distracted and clumsy, i feel angry on it.
The soldiers are glaring at each other like they're about to swing their swords
In the image the man is very angrily sitting on the chair
Compared to other, is this shows the colour of darkness
THE OLD MAN SMOKED A CIGARETTE SO THAT MADE ME ANGRY
The 2 images appear to up to something deceitful or conspiring.
I get angry because the statue is disgusting to look at
This image contain dark scene so i feel very angry to looking this one.
The horse is trying to get away from the man, but the man is gripping the horse's bridle
Industries made pollute and harm to the environment and makes me angry to destroy the nature.
THE PAINTING DID NOT HAVE ANY COLOR AND WE CANNOT KNOW WHAT IS THE COLOR OF IT, SO FEEL ANGRY.
This man looks something wrong and cruel. It makes me anger towards him.
The woman looks like she is attacking the animal and trying to conquer it
The women in the painting is very lazy to see and she is lying, so i feel angry.
The painting has a feeling of an outburst of anger and a fight for that matter
this man seems to be like witty cunning fellow having criminal plans in mind
The village is angry and so they ambush the King and demand that he helps the people with jobs.
that black person is probably a slave and thinking of slavery always makes me feel angry
The man who is sitting and looking horrible to me , i feel angry on it.
The above image looks like a Harshement of people
The group of women are having argument of who's job it is to rake the land for the new vegetable seeds.
There appears to be a dispute taking place, with a wealthier woman berating a woman with a child, and I sense an overall feeling of injustice being conveyed, with the woman with child is central and in bright tones, and the judgemental woman in red and coming out of the dark background.
The paintings shows cloudy sky and plane , it gives loneliness so i get angry.
Here man and one woman are fighting in the rock
The man in the image looking rashly so i feel angry.
The boat has been pulled up on a lonely, rocky beach, next to a tumultuous sea.  The men are unloading barrels, there are only 3 men, not a working crew and a fast horse is standing by.  This looks like they are doing something illegal.
The picture is about a mad man because he is not good by the posture that he is doing , i feel angry.
The color pallet and use of black against negative space upsets the viewer because you are unaware of the artist intentions with this piece.
this is very dark sky is shown here, so i feel angry to the painting.
The woman is smirking in this painting creating a feeling of disgust for the viewer.
he brought with a black cat with his anger face
He is chained, his garment ripped. The painting is dark and muted. It makes one feel angry, for hi, the situation, and the desolation
I feel angry because the image is very black in color and it makes unhappy.
the forest is a very dark shade of green and the pond looks like it is full of sludge
The absence of light over the dark green foliage with accumulating clouds portrays the opposite of happy.
The person is wearing the scowl of every kid during picture day.
It looks like they are taking these men to sell them
The lady looks so arrogant and always looks down on people. She thinks that she's superior.
The young attorney is angry that he was not accepted in the law firm of his choice.
Here lot of things were scattered in the harbor and i feel angry .
The woman is angry at the how the cleaner's destroyed her beautiful fur coat.  She demands they pay for the damages but they refuse.
the woman is dead and the man's body language makes it look like he doesn't even care
A man who is looking rude to something or someone, so feel angry .
It means he going to kill her by knife.
I imagine this is some sort of contest to hurt or capture the animal.
It appears that a volcano is erupting or there is a fire in the sky
The random shapes in the middle of this painting make the viewer confused by the artist intentions.
A man was standing in a plane ane it is going to dark , so i feel angry with the man.
A man standing alone and naked in the shore of river, I feel angry to see like this.
it is the darker scene of sea and some person or animal is lying in the rock. it is not clear, so i feel angry.
The little dog is angry that his owner won't play with him.  So the little dog decides to snatch up the slipper and chew on it.
I'm anger by this image she nots relaxed no more she's all tight like somethings bothering her now
In this image the prince is angrily ordered someone
THIS IS BLACK AND WHITE IMAGE SO WE CANNOT SEE THE COLOR OF TREES AND THE NATURE, SO I FEEL ANGRY.
The images show two ladies who are siting inappropriately and exposing themselves.
IN THIS IMAGE THEY ARE SO ROMANTIC THAT MADE ME ANGRY
The structure of the woman is good but her nipple is  not focused.
The woman in the front has body language as if she's arguing
The poor use of a foreground and background as well as color choices makes the viewer angry about the artist choices.
feel very angry because the something was drew but i can't understood nothing.
A part of forrest probably cutten by humans. I am angry to humans.
The dark thing behind the houses looks like there are some industries that mixes chemicals therefore smoke is formed which is dangerous to the residents.
The person in this painting is angry.
It made me feel anger he sitting like he planning something evil it's the eyes he up to know good
The one seems to be stepping or squishing those below him. He uses his power and size to quell those who are perceived as less.
Most trees has no leaves and unnatural. It destroys the environment. Makes me anger.
this street is very crowded and messy also , so i feel angry.
The picture shown here was fully covered with the ice the building, road, So the people cannot walk easily and i feel angry.
He is groping the woman, who looks afraid and uncomfortable
The above image looks like incontentment to the mindset
anger is a sight to behold the face reaction
feels very angry because the area is covered with lot of people.
She is angry about something that happened to her recently.
Looks unattractive and unpleasant and makes me anger while see this.
The subject is drunk, and probably begging for money so he can buy more booze.
This just angers me the storm came through and washed the beautiful flowers away
This lady watched the other ladies what is talking around them without knowing to the other ladies.
the lion is angry with walk in place look the place in lion
The painting is with so many bright colors and i feel angry to see it.
The waves of color and poor perception make this image difficult for the viewer to concentrate making them made.
THE PAINTING IS FULL GREEN AND ITS ABUT FOREST , SO I FEEL ANGRY.
he seems very serious for a reason
She looks like she has a bad attitude and like she is probably a mean person.
THE PAINTING LOOKING VERY ANGRY ON HIS EYES AND CLOSE MATCH TO THE ABOV PAINTING.
The men are lazy as they watch their workers do everything
the image is of very old man sitting and i feel angry by his appearance.
Feeling our bodies with substances that can affect them is dangerous and can lead to death.
It is market or some crowded area so i felt angry by this one.
this photo is irritating, all of the red lines along its body
The miss used shapes and contrast makes the viewer angry because of the artist poor choices.
The hills are shown here is very dark in color because i feel anger to this image.
Photo looks very bad and I felt sad a little bit
This man looks very anger and evil to kill someone with his sword.
The man is scowling at the viewer and backed by an angry reddish color
It reminds me of something that has been burnt or destroyed.
the woman doesn't look comfortable with the scruffy man touching her
This man looks like a scumbag that scams others of their life savings.
This just anger me why the color is gone from the image
the man trying to cover up this woman looks upset with curt eyes
the woman has been stripped and tied up in an uncomfortable position
The men are in disagreement about the specifics surrounding renting a house
this man in green and green hat with big beard looks full of fury and rage
The young George Washington is angry with his young wife and demands her to general store to pick up the items he asked for.
This painting looks ugly and gives me an unpleasant feel.
The man who is in the painting looks anger.
The people are crowded in some place, it is getting angry to me.
This man's looks give a terror and ego feel and this makes me anger.
The man is angered at being betrayed by his coworkers
This man appears to be holding a lot of anger behind his gaze
THE MAN WAS LOOKING TO TAKE A REVENGE ON SOMEONE AND THAT MADE ME FEEL ANGER.
There is an old man who is sitting backward and he is thinking something, so i feel angry .
I feel it is something that i could not defined, in this painting so i feel angry.
THE PLACE OF THIS IMAGE LOOKS DIRTY. SO THAT MADE ME ANGRY
The image is leg of two people and it is don't know whether it is male or female, so feel angry.
The dark blacks, blues, and reds cause me to feel angry
The painting is messy and un occupied, i feel angry to see it.
This is disturbing. I am a little bothered by the fact that he is smiling after such horrible things were done to him.
The dark, jagged, and random abstract patterns create an odd tone.
There is use of man colors that they even irritate the eyes when looking.
The painting of flower vase is not done well, so i feel angry.
IN THIS IMAGE DRAGGING THEM INTO SLAVERY. SO, THAT MADE ME ANGRY
The gentleman's eyes are angry, stormy and the way his mouth is set makes it clear he is upset with someone. The dark background and dark clothing with the red beret add to the angry vibe.
Red sky in the morning sailor's warning.
i see this picture no image convert my mind so anger this image
the girl seems to be in  a bad mood with the scrunched face
The men are utterly angry at the Queen's orders and are now fighting among each other. Nothing is getting resolved.
this man in full armour for war will die he is too much of fury and rage and is very angry
The odd facial expression and abstract design create a sense of anger
The big trees is looking very danger and horrible, i feel angry.
The rocks seem sharp and dark, holding a anger and aggression
Looking at the painting i feel very angry , because some dark color used and it is not nice.
This image of the man looks boastful and unkind.
The man tied to the floor and the person trying to hit the other man convey anger in me
Here the man who is trying to misbehave to a women and i feel angry to him.
The stereotypical image of a black person in the image annoys me.
This man looks cruel and evil in his eyes that makes me angry.
The sharp angles of the face along with blotches of white make the man look creepy. The legs also look disproportionate.
The man is angry that kids keeping trespassing on his property.
There are many boats congested and thus might hit each other and make the trip hard for them.
The woman eyebrows make her seem very angry at this time
there is pure hatred for this person preaching to God he looks forward as people gaze at his in anger
this nasty man of old fashioned fur coats is menacing in his eyes
White hairy man looking very strong and rude i feel angry.
The man is frowning. His face expression shows he seems to be in anger because his eyebrows are frowning and there is wrinkle above his right eyebrow.
The wife is angry that she cooked her husband favorite meal. And he decides to go out with his buddies from work instead.
The mother is angry at her daughter for disobeying her. So she demands her to stand on one foot for the next twenty minutes.
The man looks angry and seeing angry towards someone and seeing him makes me angry.
The men in the picture do not seem to be paying homage to the baby as before.
The way he is spreading his legs and the smug look on his face.
This painting is one messy , here have a lot of things in the painting so i feel angry.
It is the rush picture of a market and there have lot of people in it, i feel angry to see this rush.
Her face feels full of anger in the painting.
Here a lady is serving to another women and the black dressed on is like slave here, so i feel angry.
In this painting a thief is murmuring about his operation, so i feel angry to the person.
They did't color the image and we cannot find the natural color of the image , so i feel angry.
IN THIS IMAGE THEY NOTHING TO WEAR. SO IT MADE ME ANGER
The  brother is filled with anger that his sisters ruined his artwork.
There is nothing special in this painting makes me angry.
people should not blame others over their properties like cattle's when they are left all alone in the forest.
The undefined image is very disgusting, because there is nothing clear, so i feel angry.
HIS FACE IN THIS PICTURE IS VERY AGGRESIVE ANGRY AND SO VENGEFUL
The deep forest did not contain anything pleasantly, so i feel angry on it.
this woman's face looks horrid and Brocken she is sluing venom and fury and rage
THE NUDE MAN WAS SO EVIL AND THAT MADE ME ANGRY.
This man appears to be eliminating another man during battle.
IN THIS PAINTING, AN ANIMAL IS GETTING HARMED AND THAT MADE ME SO ANGER.
In the above image the lady is looking so angry.
THE MAN GIVES A VERY ANGRY FEELING  AND HITLER LOOK
This man looks like his son just disappointed him and it makes me angry that at time parents can be so jusgmental.
the rage and fury coming from the man in the picture in black looks angry
This man looks danger and makes me anger while seeing his eyes.
This place looks drought and has no natural water. It makes me angry
This painting does not explain clearly that makes me angry.
The sharp rocks piercing through the ground seem quite vicious
the fury and pure rage of the open oceans is very very angry
He looks looks a thief and trying to escape it makes me anger.
The abstract angles are uncomfortable and look angry
They are fighting each other it makes me anger
This provocative painting depicts a woman being preyed upon by two men, who are coming out of the darker background, both leering, with the main man in the foreground signalling her to remain silent as he pulls at her clothes. She appears outraged and fearful, generating anger in the onlooker at her treatment.
The man in the painting looks so angry.
THIS PAINTING LOOKS SO AGGRESSIVE AND IT GIVES SCARY , ANGER FELLING
THIS MAN IS TRYING TO ASSAULT THESE WOMEN POSSIBLY SEXUALLY!
There seems to be a confrontation between the men on the right
This man is not at all amused; he looks angry.
This place looks polluted and some wastes are in the water and makes me disgust.
The person in the above image looks very angry.
this man in blue and grey clothing looks very much fury and rage and hatred towards poor people
IN THIS PICTURE THE MAN LOOKS LIKE SO DOMINATED KING AND SO ARROGANT FEEL
This person is at work and having to work in horrible conditions for very low pay.
The lady is begging in front of the king which is similar to slavery and it gives us anger
Looks something cruel and evil in his eyes makes me angry towards him.
A women is abused by a cruel man was described in the painting, so i feel very angry.
The old man seems to be aggressively attacking the other
Lack education to our children has affected their lifestyles that is why they walk selling fruits to get something to eat.
This person has some evil in his eyes and makes all around him in a fear and terror.
The distance between the trees and the houses is too small such that when the wind comes, trees can fall and destroy the houses.
The young girl is angry that her dog stole her cookie. And she can't have another one.
The warrior is overly feeling anger as he must fight his teacher to the death.
The man is angry at his wife for not making sure he was up in time for his big interview.
THE SCENE IN THIS FILM IS LOOK LIKE BRUTALLY AND SLAVE BASE PICTURE
The man is trying to open the clothes of women without her knowledge which gives so much anger
It appear the man facing forward is fighting to defend himself with a sense of rage.
The land is being destroyed by people mostly those using horses to pass through it.
It looks like an angry samurai wants to murder a harmless citizen.
The king is angry that his queen betrayed him and he is plotting on murdering her.
The expression on the children's faces looks angry and one looks like he is about to pinch the other one while the adults seem to be trying to hold them back.
This image is of some virtual area , there is too dark and i feel angry.
The scene appears to depict the arming of a child, as if he is being sent to battle at a very early age, his expression concerned but trusting of the adults. I feel empathy and a sense of anger for the impending loss of innocence.
The hill area is very terrible to look and i feel angry.
This man does not look happy. His head is down, his eyes are a bit crossed and he is frowning. He also has a rifle pointed towards the ground. Maybe he missed what he was shooting at.
This man is clearly angry. The eyes are stern and serious and the pencil shading does well to show it. Also he looks disfigured which makes this more intriguing and violent.
Some tress are cut and it makes me angry
THE MAN WAS LOOKING ARROGANT. SO IT MADE ME FEEL ANGRY
THE WOMAN IN THIS PICTURE LOOKS VERY ANGRY AND LOSES HER SELF CONFIDENCE
The pounding of the water from the fall seems aggressive
THE ITEMS IN THIS PICTURE ARE ALL DISCARDED. SO IT MADE ME ANGRY
This man looks evil and angry in his eyes makes me anger.
IN THIS IMAGE THERE ARE CROWDS OF PEOPLE. SO IT MADE ME ANGRY
The black and white image is clumsy in it appearance, so i feel angry to see it.
It is the image contain only sea a, there does not have any object  so i feel angry.
His looks look cruel and terror that makes me angry to see him.
This is a image of a lady with some smudge face, i get angry by looking at her face.
The people are crowded in some place and the place is very messy also, i get angry to the place .
The large amount of dirty water makes me feel angry towards it.
Seems incomplete and messy and at times, hard to discern shapes.
IN THIS IMAGE HE IS STARING. SO IT MADE ANGRY
THEY ARE INGNORING ONE PERSON. SO THAT MADE ME ANGRY
IN THIS PICTURE THEY ARE ANNOYING. SO THAT MADE ME ANGRY
The overall dark tone of the image and teh way the people are all crowding around the baby.
The man is dressed for war with a sword at his side which represents a higher power in charge as he collects his wealth from the poor citizens.
By looking at this one i get angry because it is not clear , there is something happend.
This women has an evil glare in her eye which immediately made me feel ready to retaliate the feeling.
The group of children are angry that they lost the dodge ball game.
The man in the picture was sitting like statue and i feel angry.
This man looks cruel and anger and has evil in his eyes.
THE DRESS OF THE PEOPLE IN THIS PICTURE IS HALF-BAKED. SO THAT MADE ME ANGRY.
It is a ferocious fight between the soldier and the alien creature.
THE MAN LOOKS LIKE TAKING REVENGE THAT MADE ME ANGRY.
THE LIPS IN THIS PAINTING ARE NOT VERY NICE TO LOOK AT.SO IT MADE ME ANGRY
It shows some eye like objects are here and it is not clear also, so i feel angry.
The violinist is angry that he plays his heart out on the song and the audience is left in shock on how powerful his performance was.
SEEING THE WOMAN IN THIS PICTURE FAINTED, THE PEOPLE THERE DID NOTHING. SO IT MADE ME ANGRY
Nothing clear to understand in this painting makes me anger to see this.
THE SCENE IN THIS PICTURE  LOOKS LIKE A KIDNAPPIMG INCIDENT AND ALSO LOOKS LIKE SLAVES
The subject of the painting, Bethsheba, was the subject of a Biblical misdeed by Israel's King David. In the picture, Bethsheba is taking the famous bath, that was secretly watched by David and conducted to her pregnancy by the King. The story goes that David, trying to conceal his sin, tried to convince Uriah, her army general husband, Uriah, to have sex with her. In turn, that would not happen and David then sends Uriah to the battlefront for a sure death.
The long and endless path is not giving nothing and by see this one makes me angry.
Nothing different in this painting because of black color makes angry
Another negative effect of global warming was the significant decrease of water which flows through the countryside.
i am getting angry because something is not clear and collapse here.
Chaotic, broken and wrangled structures, loops and  dark colors give no clarity and meaning to the picture, hence gives anger feel.
the image contains full of water and it is very angry to the picture.
Nothing clear in this painting that makes me angry towards this.
The houses in the paintings is located in the top most of the mountain, i feel angry to climb up there.
The image is dark scene in the view of sea, the moon also not nice so i feel angry.
The bright red color and the grip being used on the item look forceful
Looking terror and evil in eyes that makes angry towards him.
n the deep forest, there have some area is not  people and the area is not nice to me and i feel angry.
IN THIS IMAGE THEY ARE FIGHTING. SO IT MADE ME ANGRY
The colors used in this painting reflect negative emotions, red is more dominant and it feels rageful
IN THIS PICTURE SO CLUMSY . SO IT MADE ME ANGRY
It has the feel of the big bully picking on the little man destroying what is good in life.
THE PEOPLE IN THIS PICTURE ARE DANCING WITHOUT CLOTHES. SO THAT MADE ANGRY
The image contains rocks and trees with so many colors , i feel very angry to such kind of lot of colors.
Looks more evil and cruel to see his eyes makes me anger.
A woman was made beautiful mostly for men and thus she should cover her body and not every person see her nakedness.
Dark place with full of rocks , feels me very angry.
The colors on the buildings don't mesh well together. The windows look very uneven.
The dark colors and rough waters make me feel anger.
Looks very cruel and evil makes me angry to see her.
IN THIS PICTURE THE PAINTING LOOKS LIKE SO ANGER AND AGGRESSIVE
`I feel angry because in the image they shown a damaged flower vase.
The lady has a very hostile and intense look on her face.
AN ANIMAL WAS SNATCHING A BEAUTIFUL BUTTERFLY WITH ITS TONGUE THAT MADE ME ANGER.
IN THIS PICTURE THE PAINTING SEEMS TO BE SO HARRESMENT AND OPAQUE
THE PERSON IN THIS PICTURE IS SMOKING. SO THAT MADE ME ANGRY
The lady looks like she is being disturbed by something.
Feel like angry because a hand with some sword like object and it causes some unethical incident.
In this image the person is  angrily looking at something
The children are angry that they have to sit in the park and listen to their mother talk about her new love interest.
The man's demeanour with regards to his body language leads me to believe he would be difficult to argue with.
This man looks terror and cruel that makes me anger to see him.
The way the waterfall looks to be violently rushing on in contrast to the dark colors of the rocks.
The clothing strung across the middle of the painting appear to be colorful and bear symbols and markers of cultural identify. However, the orange glow behind them makes it seem as though they have been set on fire, perhaps destroying the culture or last trace of the people who wore these clothes.
The image is of some undefined things, so i get angry to look.
A LOT OF PEOPLE IN THAT PLACE THAT MADE ME ANGRY
the creature in the painting reminds me of a devil and makes me angry.
Though the subjects in this painting are smilint, the color scheme conveys a negative emotions with the red theme
It is very angry to see the messy town and something not clear in the image.
The little girl is angry at her brother for breaking her doll.
The way the water is violently rushing against the rocks.
The area covered with big hills and some water, i feel angry by its hills.
The red color over the whole image and the look on the characters face makes me feel anger.
The trees are not green in color and it looks very angry to me.
The people  are standing on a soldier while beating him to death while  fury is plainly written on their faces.
It is one horrible image and it is look like ghost, i feel angry on it.
THE WOMAN IN THIS PICTURE IS TRYING TO HIT THAT CAT. THAT MADE ME ANGRY
Fruits are meant to be eaten not to be kept to rot or be eaten by rabbits.
The girl's eyes are staring ahead like she is upset. Her mouth is set in a grim expression. Her hands are gripping the can.
THE PAINTING IS WHITE WITHOUT ANY ONE COLOR. SO THAT MADE ME ANGRY
It is very angry that the man in the picture is naked , it is very uncertain here.
The poor donkey is filled up with load on it , i feel very angry to the person here.
The bird in the image gives full od negative energy, i feel angry on it.
the picture tells that it is going to rain, because the sky is cloudedion.his situat and i feel angry by t
The whole painting looks like anger, I see angry eyes everywhere and what looks like fangs in the front. The red and orange are like fire
Nothing clear in this image and looks disgusting and gives me a angry feel.
This looks like the feeling of when you are having a bad day like you have a rain cloud over your head. The cloud like shapes evoke anger due to their shape and black color.
LOTS OF BALLOON WERE FLYING IN THE SKY WHICH WILL SURELY POLLUTE AND THUS MADE ME ANGER.
Similar art style but this instead depicts a protest or political movement that looks violent
This makes me feel anger as i watch and see the women standing there with her fan almost in an uppity way that shows her feelings of importance compared to the other ballerinas. The others look almost as if they just can't enjoy themselves because of her.
It is one function in town or not , because the situation is not clear here and i feel angry.
The man has a raised eyebrow and a straightforward look like he is challenging someone to do something.
The colors are dark and muted. There is a sinister look to this individual. I get a sense of evil in this man's eye. That makes me angry
The towns people are angry and flooding the streets in protest.
The man is  displaying a angry look on his face  as though he were  unhappy with something.
The image contain the situation after the heavy rain and the town getting very unclean and i feel angry.
The background is dark and there's no other color used which makes me angry.
IN THIS IMAGE THEY BEAT AND TORTURE HER. SO THAT MADE ME ANGER.
The painting show a stern figure, possibly a teacher or slave driver
By looking at this image i did't get anything seriously so i feel angry.
The woman sitting on the dirty grass with that fancy dress on makes me angry.
you can feel anger in the strokes.
The painting depicts the wicked judgement of unrighteous lawyers and pios priests, condemning a woman to stoning. The reprimand of the Savior is what, in turn, convicts the men of their own unrighteousness.
Painting show a woman being attacked and another man trying to stop her attacker
THE MAN LOOKS LIKE A THEIF. SO THAT MADE ME ANGRY
This woman looks evil and has harm in her eyes makes me angry.
The woman crossing her arms and  set of her jaw makes her seem to be angry.
The man is angry. He has his eyebrows raised with big wide eyes.
a man in a beard looks straight ahead with an extremely angry look on his face
am angry because a monkey is stealing on this picture, anyone would be angry if someone steals from them
The lollipop touching the lips is simple but easily perverted and enraging.
It is very big pig on the image and i feel angry on its face.
The dark image is not like to me and the given path is not clear so i feel angry
The tree people are not dressed well and they are in ugly area , i feel very angry.
The street performer is angry that someone in the crowd decided to heckle him.
THE CLOUD WAS LOOKING SO POLLUTED AND THAT MADE ME SO ANGRY.
Unmanned attack drones hovered among the clouds, looking for a potential enemy target.
I feel angry that it is undefined hill area there is nothing to see.
The man on the ground is trying to protect himself  from the others above him trying to attack him.
Battle ship off to kill maybe incent people.
The mighty Zeus sits on his magical creature and demands his angels take him to Garden of Eden to destroy the evil snake.
The painting looks like it was destroyed and thrown random colors on to it which makes me angry.
The man has an evil look on his face as if he were up to no good making the viewer angry towards him because he is bad.
Those around Jesus at this table causes anger knowing that Judas will betray him
The man is angry at the stale bread and demand that the woman makes new bread for his big feast.
The baby appears to have been abandoned by its parents.
This made me feel anger because the man's facial expression seems to be holding a grudge.
As opposed to the initial painting of the woman with folded arms, I have chosen a painting that evokes a sense of anger. The man has a furrowed brow and steely eyes. He appears to be angry about something and unapproachable. The colors are dark and sharply contrasting with a face with red tones that imply madness.
The picture shows a vengeful man who is unable to let go of the past
The wild pencil strokes, shadowy areas and intense gaze leave me with an impression of unpleasant intensity.
I feel anger as I see the men in a debate the involves pointing and complaining. it looks like heated debate that will lead to no winners.
the hard rocks in the banks of the sea is very danger to see, i feel angry on it.
The subject looks to be in disgust about something. He isn't happy and you can read it all over his face.
The man has been caught stealing information from a book as he has a surprised facial expression making you feel angry toward him.
The man looks like he is a know-it-all from the way he is standing which makes me feel angry.
THOSE FLOWERS ARE NOT ATTRACTIVE. SO THAT MADE ME ANGRY
THE CLOUS WAS SO POLLUTED THAT MADE ME ANGRY IN THIS PAINTING.
2 men look like they're angry with each other and having a heated discussion
The man in the picture giving serious look to something and i feel angry.
The man's smile in the painting has a smug look to it that makes me not like him.
The women is bending down in front of men and it gives lot of anger to look at this
The beauty in the flower is almost ocmpletly washed away by the sea as the petals and flowers fall to the ground. The darkness on the left side and the brightness on the right gives the feelings over anger washing over such a beauty in a way that takes over and kills it from the inside.
An old lady sitting with full distraction, so by her behavior i feel angry.
The man's face appears to be scornful and angry
The image is that scratched with some paint and it is also like as a man., so i feel angry.
The waves and the sharp rocks make for an aggressive painting
Everything is dark in the picture. It looks like there may have been an angry fire that came along and destroyed the trees, leaving them barren.
This is the picture of a valley and it looks very deep and dense forest also, i feel angry.
The picture shows a vengeful man who cannot let go of what his wife has told him
This man looks cruel and has evil in his eyes makes me fear.
Face color of the women is so worst , i feel very angry by it.
The blank look in the womans eyes and her non smile postured with her hand at her waist gives off the vibe that she is annoyed.
the image contains big mountains and it is like very tall, i feel angry to it.
the face was very anger and body shape also same
The man is angry as he is not happy with the latter he received from his friend.
The horse in the picture seems to be angered and is unsettled.
The man is unable to let go of his rage despite his newfound riches
The way the horse is moving creates a sense of fear, suspense or anger
The woman looks like she is scrubbing the baby too hard which is why he is crying and that makes me angry.
This gentleman looks like he is pouting about something and is annoyed and angry.
Here the people are attacking and killing other one , so i feel upset and feel angry.
The naked people are of distraction and getting so many anger to me.
This person looks something unpleasant and uneasy to see this makes me angry.
While the photos are the exact same they do share the same color scheme. This photo portrays feelings of aggression and anger in a way that the first image did not.
This man looks terror and evil makes all around them angry.
Dull and grey coloring matching the mood of a man who looks very angry and stern
IN THIS PICTURE THE MAN LOOKS SO ARROGANT AND AGRESSIVE TO VISUALIZE
The old lady is looking very serious and by looking at her face i feel angry.
This painting has industries that is very harm and danger to environment.
The building in the image is getting angry to me because it is very messy to see.
The mans hairstyle is a reminder of the American revolution which was sad because of the amount of deaths that had taken place.
Dense forest is very  dark very fear to look there , i feel very  fear on the forest.
Feel angry that the image is looking cloudy because the rain is going to come.
Looking like evil and cruel minded and makes me angry to see her.
The man in this image looks angry and a bit confused.
This girl looks angry and thinking of something deeply makes me anger.
his eyeballs is filled with rage and anger, like someone who is filled with recentment.
IN THIS SCENE HE LOOKS VERY ANGRY AND SEEMS TO HAVE DECIDED IN ANGER
This man's eyes looks evil and has angry in his eyes makes me angry.
This man looks angry and has terrible in his eyes makes me angry
this man with beard and well to do clothing has blood in his eyes he is totally at rage and fury
the boy in the image looking very rude and its makes me very angry.
She is trying to kill the bird makes me angry
The forest is looking danger and clumsy , so i feel angry on it.
The lady in the image is looking very hard and i feel angry.
The fruit on the table without a basket makes me angry.
The area is like virtual and there contain nothing only lot of mountains, i feel angry.
THE PERSON IN THE PICTURE LOOKS VERY ANGRY AND ARROGANT FEEL
the woman in picture wearing yellow silk dress is glaring evil and rage from her eyes and frown
This woman looks something different and some evil in her eyes makes me angry.
the man seems to have some veiled anger, shown by the orange glow
This man looks evil and has cruel in his eyes makes me fear.
The Lady looks snooty with her nose up in the air, like she's better than everybody else.
The above image make angry because there is no any shape in this image.
This man looks cruel and terrible in his eyes that makes me fear.
The woman is angry that she just saw her husband flirting with the neighbor.
this man in the painting is angry at the sight of someone trying to judge his looks
The man in this image is strict as he is pointing his figure with angry facial expressions making the viewer feel unwelcome.
This old woman looking lonely and has evil in her eyes makes me angry.
This is some logo or like that and i feel angry to see it , because the color is not like much.
It is some palm like trees and a man was sitting in the inside of it, i feel angry to see this.
The dark grisly feathers and wings reek of death, the bird is mangy and gone. I don't like looking at it.
Looking angry and has evil in his eyes and makes cruel
It is some dark area is given here and it is looking fear and i get angry.
Man looks angry and has a rude behavior in his eyes makes me anger.
The smug look the man has with his cane and glasses
The lady is with angry face me more angry towards the picture.
Put the flowers in a pot and add water plus fertile soil that will enable it to grow.
an older woman in a blue coat has a very angry look on her face
IN THIS PICTURE THE PAINTING LOOKS LIKE VERY ANGER FEELING AND GIVES AGRESSIVE FEEL
The cloudy and stormy situation in the harbor makes me feel angry.
It is very angry that some people are cutting and shaving the others.
This man looks angry towards all people around him and makes me angry
he has the look of a tyrant and looks like he is ready to cause havoc
The man fainted in front of his king's house but instead of getting help, the queen is just gazing at him.
This painting looks more cruel and makes all around them angry to see this.
hairy man looking very rude, i feel angry on him.
This painting makes something cruel and makes me angry to see this.
This man looks evil and has cruel in his face makes me fear.
The lady looking at something with lots of anger and her face is looksirritating
this building is very old and not nice to see, i feel angry on it.
The image that only contains rocks and water , i feel angry.
a stern man with a mustache looks straight ahead with an angry look on his face
The man is looking scared to something, i feel angry to it.
The shouting judge towards the woman makes me angry due to the lack of fair trials back then
This made me feel anger because her eyebrows are persed
The leafless trees are getting angry with me, its like no dress without a human.
She is trying hide the gold it makes me angry.
Cesar is very filled with anger and he decides that he must become a great leader and take over.
THEY ARE SO MONSTROUS AND CRUEL WHEN YOU LOOK AT THE SCENE IN THIS PICTURE
the people in the image are trying to kill another one, i feel angry on them
The boy is angry that his mother won't let him go out play. So he sits down and is filled with anger and wants to punish his mother.
The slanted eyebrows of the woman and the smirk of her mouth makes her look devious.
the image contains lot of big buildings i feel very angry to it.
the man is harsh towards two ladies which makes anger feel for us
This image is two people lying on the floor , i feel angry on it.
The girl cannot afford to go to school that is why she is alone trying to study.
Looks evil and has cruel and terrible in his eyes makes me angry.
Looks like evil and has cruel in his eyes makes me anger.
this drunk man with bread in his hand looks like he could kill he is full of rage
The one woman is angry at her sister for telling her she should not marry the banker's son.  So she decides to storm off.
This girl has ego in her eyes and makes all around them in a terrible position.
The people in the stage is engaged in fight, so i feel angry on it.
an angry bull attacks a horse and a few men in front of a crowd
The old man have a disgusting face , he is looking very rude also.
the brushes are not clean and i feel messy on the place, so i feel anger on it.
Here two people are changing their dress  and it is feel very angry.
The person in the picture is looking very hard and i feel angry about it.
The woman's face is stiff in trying to reign in the anger
He is trying to catch the fish it makes me angry.
The smirk on the face reminds me of someone who will never admit when they are wrong. I could never envision myself enjoying a conversation with them.
Looks anger and cruel towards all around them while seeing his eyes.
This man looks anger and terrible in his eyes. This man looks evil and cruel.
This man looks cruel and has evil in his eyes makes everyone fear.
This man does not give me a pleasant feel and looks angry makes me irritating.
THE CLOUD WAS DARK AND SEEMS TO BE POLLUTED THAT MADE ME ANGER.
Heracles (Hercules) is been humiliated by Queen Omphale in this piece. Even when he was Omphale's favorite he was force to do women's jobs. Anger will be the right feeling for the depiction of the inversion of gender roles, back in the days!
Nothing clear in this painting and looks dark makes me angry and fear to see.
this officer looks mad and full of rage and fury in his eyes
THE SKY WAS POLLUTED AND LOOKING DIRTY THAT MADE ME ANGRY.
The two women are beating the man with sticks
Lucifer decided to bring fear to the angels by creating a demonic creature to destroy them and take away their wings for good.
The room is very messy in its appearance so i feel angry.
this man of war in military uniform looks with fury and rage in his look
the whole food items is destroyed by the cat ,and i feel angry on it.
he uses his pocket to hide his temptation and show no emotion on his face of anger
THE PICTURE IN THIS SCENE IS SO DRY THAT THE THOUGHT OF PROVOKING ANGER COMES TO OUR MINDS
Angry that the area is crowded with rocks and green grass.
This woman eyes looks something danger and angry in her eyes.
The two philosopher are overly filled with anger on who's findings should go in the new research book.
The cloudy surface always feel me angry, so i feel angry
IN THIS PAINTING , A MAN WAS TORTURING WOMAN THAT MADE ME ANGRY.
the women is looking down and not dressed well, i feel angry on her.
He looks like a mean little boy with a wild animal on a leash which in itself is kind of evil in a way. He looks mad and that poor animal does not look happy either. It is the boys eyes where I can see he is angry.
The painting is looking very fear to me because the area is very rude.
The Queen is filled with anger as she watches unwanted ships in the castle's port.
This little girl has cruel and evil in her eyes. Makes me angry towards her.
THE SKY WAS SO POLLUTED WITH SMOKE THAT MADE ME ANGRY.
This area has industries and polluted to the environment makes me angry.
I feel angry because of how this guy to the left is casually standing on top of another man. Without any other context, I can't help but feel animosity towards the "victor".
The General is filled with anger that his Captain disobeyed his orders.
His eyes something cruel and harm that makes me anger towards him.
A WOMAN WAS TREATED AS SLAVE IN THIS PAINTING AND ALSO CLEANING ANOTHER WOMAN LEG THAT MADE ME ANGRY.
The buyer of sculpture is filled with anger on how he wanted the piece to be done.
The old man in the image is looking rude and scaring so i feel angry.
The smug look on the mans face with overcast sky on the back ground makes him look like a killer
Guns are just no good,  and somebody who wear religious or holy garment should not be involved in such things.
This man looks cruel and has terrible in his eyes makes me anger.
This man's eyes looks evil and has terrible in his eyes makes me angry.
It looks like an angerness way to the one person to the other person
I think religion is stupid, and especially thinking that Jesus was nailed to the cross and is coming back. It’s stupid to think that simply nailing somebody’s hands and feet is enough to kill them
The smug look the character has on their face and the pompous pose.
The one man is filled with anger for the other man stealing his money. So he decides to kill him on top of the hill.
This man has evil in his eyes and cruel towards others make me angry.
The dogs are angry that their owner left them in this filth and without no food. So they plan on attacking the owner and killer her when she gets back home.
A group of three friends speak together and create harm to all around them.
Looking this painting makes me feel angry towards them and feel unessy.
the plane area does not contain proper, i feel angry on it.
The one angel is angry at the other angel for telling Zeus what she did.  And thus Zeus is overly filled with anger on how his angels are behaving.
The man is ripping his clothes off in front of a fire
The painting evokes a feeling of anger between the parties.
a man stares blankly with an angry expression on his face
The wizard is filled with anger that one of his young pupils decided to take his magic staff and hide it from him.
They way the character is half smiling while staring directly at me
The man in black seem to have hidden and the lady noticed that is why she uncovered him.
Looks cruel and evil in his eyes makes me more angry towards him.
The father is filled with anger that his best friend accused his son for raping his daughter.
The king is filled with anger that his son raped the town's peasant girl.
This painting creates a fear feel and something harm and danger to all. Makes me anger.
The teacher is filled with anger as he can't sit and read his paper because his students are misbehaving.
the woman is asleep and the man is untying her top
The men on the horses are fighting each other with swords and there is a dead man on the ground
The man is furious at not being able to succeed in battle
The man is dressed in armor creating a feeling of war times
The harsh horizontal lines near her face and her squinting her eyes look angry
The town's people are angry and demand that their voices be heard.
this is the scene where Jesus gets angry and pushes the merchants away in the temple
He stands firmly gripping his weapons and is frowning
The man is furious at having been betrayed by his men
The man is dressed as a war veteran and it is as if he is a conqueror ready to take land from the needy.
The woman is filled with anger that her lover doesn't find her attracted.
an old man has a stern look on his face as if he is angry with someone or something
The expression of the man with the instrument is dismayed. The instrument appears to be broken by the girl. Her red skirt gives a feeling of anger in her direction.
The man is overly filled with anger that he must sell his company to his rival.
The man is starting directly at me looking like he doesn't want to be there and it bothers me
The woman is overly filled with anger as she plots to take her husband business from him. Because he took part of scandal.
The young man is filled with anger that his brother decided to join the fight from the other side.
The man has a look of anger that can be felt throught the painting.
the man looks angry and seems to be attacking the woman who appears to be defending herself
The boy with the red had looks to me like he is forcing the other boy to stay there
The character is looking directly ad me with such a pompous look
I remember when he got those medals. There were a lot of needless deaths that day.
The Queen is angry that her husband made her look like a fool at the town's meeting.
The storm clouds above the trees represent a bad storm coming.
dark rock area getting very anger to me  and the area is not contain any green thing.
It seems the person in the back is happy but the person in the forefront seems uncaring and almost disgusted.
Looks cruel and evil in his eyes makes me angry to see this.
The father is filled with anger that his son keeps talking to the little girl who begging for bread.
The dark shadows and poised expression makes this man appear smug and angry.
The wrinkles on his forehead and darkness around the hair on his mouth suggest anger
The man is angry that his father didn't let him take over the family business.
This man looks evil and cruel in his eyes makes me anger.
This man looks something cruel and angry makes all angry towards him
He is pointing harshly while grimacing and his hair is sticking out all over
this man in red suit is very frightening and full of rage and fury i am scared
The lady's eyes are so dark and almost look evil.
The one woman is overly filled with anger for her friend stealing her boyfriend that she decides to give payback.
The way the character is looking away and has his eyes closed as if he doesn't care
The lot people are seems to be messy here , i feel angry .
this well dressed lady looks very scary and of rage in her eyes
The ship's captain is filled with anger that his crew doesn't want to ride out the storm.
there is rage and fury in this mans eyes in his Headmasters clothes he is anger
The man in the picture is dragging the camel, i feel angry on him.
The two families are in a feud. And they are overly angry with each other for not agreeing.
Looking very rude to something so i feel angry on him.
The man is upset at not being accepted for a book offer
Her expression seems very angry. There is a look in her eyes of disgust.
Wide opened serious looking eyes, thin face with grim lips gives an impression that he is angry and ready to fight with staring eyes and this creates anger feel in us too.
The mother is filled with anger that her youngest son will not listen to her while they take a family walk.
The princess is filled with anger and rage that her people went against her.
The boy is filled with anger inside and decides that he must kill his little sister. Because she get's all the attention.
Great, the spoiled little prince in his fancy read robe and shoes is trying to run the country again.
a man with a beard stares ahead with an angry look on his face
The man looking very serious and rude to straight, i feel angry.
The king is filled with anger as he lost land to his brother.
The man's grim face, tight lips, crossed intact fingers, dark shade on his face imply he is in anger and this scenario with the background shadow of a woman make us angry as well.
The person in the artwork seems screaming, which is representing anger emotion.
The chaotic energy of everyone on top of each other the dark colors of the sky
The man in the painting looks displeased and the feeling is felt in the painting.
The husband is overly filled with anger that he has to go back in the service and protect his land.
Everything here is in black and i feel very angry.
The ranch handler is filled with anger that his co team disobey his orders.
Makes me angry and unpleasant to see this painting irritating
There is a lot of hatred, rage, anger, distraught, and desperation through the facial emotions of this on-going battle.
The crowd is attacking eachother some people have fallen
Its feels angry that due to dark there nothing not in visible.
The two similar faces in opposite directions is like a symbol for a person who is two faced.
A man sitting in the giant trees 's under and the tree looking very fear
The edges of the cliff side are jagged and dark, there is a flash of lightening
It is the plane area in near of sea and i feel angry on it.
The sharpness of the mountains makes them seem aggressive
The table is overwhelmed with paperwork, the men have frustrated looks on their faces
This man is angry at his neighbor's bonfire on his property. So he decides to take a torch and burn is neighbor house down.
A big war is going on and many soldiers are dying in the fight.
The women or man with some frightening face is getting angry.
The man on the left is frowning and the man on the right has a grimace
a plain canvas with two colors should not be considered art and if it were not made by a famous name it wouldnt be!
i find that the image here not found that clear , i feel angry.
The man yells out in rage as he has been betrayed
It getting sad because the total area here is very messy to see.
The red sky on the painting has turned the ground dark bringing anger
It is very difficult to find out the mountains, i feel angry.
gentleman has his arms folded across his body in display of disapproval; he has downward brow on his face of anger
I imagine the man is trying to take the object from the woman by stealing it forcefully.
The bold reds and oranges are fiery and the dark black patches are angry
No bright colored flowers, dark shades for the flowers give an impression that they are withered or dried, and the drooping leaves on the top of the vase all give an angry feel for not giving an attractive painting.
The person dead on the ground while the other hides beneath the table looks revolting.
Feel that angry because some danger animal is flying in the sky.
Lots of people were getting punished it gives so much of irritation anger to look at people who punishes them
the sea and the cloud is merged with some colors and i feel  angry.
The women are standing and there have some black color foggy, i feel angry
The picture here getting so sad and some angry by seeing this image.
Some thing in the mountain looking horrible to me it is like shadow.
Two women and a dog is in the picture it seems very ugly and i feel angry.
the lady here is standing near to big giant tree here, i feel angry on the tree.
It is some palm like giant trees here, i feel angry on it.
The man is mentally exhausted as he has been in argument with his family for weeks now
Nothing special in this painting full of white makes me angry
The clue of the climate and the sky is showing that rain has to come, i feel angry.
This picture is a bit inappropriate regarding the female body and upsets me.
the large vast mountain range with its snow capped tops looks like it is furious and in a rage
The hills and the water area is looking very angry to me.
This painting looks unattractive and unpleasant makes me anger to see her like this.
In this kind of hill its does not contain any trees and human so ifeel angry on it.
The husband is filled with anger as he walks into the bedroom and sees his wife another man.  He is so angry that he wants to cut off her arm.
The war hardened veteran was also a master bomb maker who sold his services to the highest bidder.
No smile and stiff eyes makes it seem she is annoyed.
The fruit looks like it fell out of the bowl which makes me angry.
two men sit and argue as they both seem to be angry
The women are so overweight that they appear to be bloated. Despite the fact that these people live extremely privileged lives, they don't seem to be grateful, as none of them are smiling.
Im not sure what this painting represents but it looks like soldiers carrying a bunch of little heads and it just makes feel angry.
The knight is angry that the King allowed several of his men to die during the ambush.
The old man is filled with anger that he has to sell his farm to the new developers of the town.
The father is tired from work.  He is getting angry that his children keep fighting.  He just wants some peace and quiet.
The woman is filled with anger after she must dance with the prince.  The prince made her look like a fool in front of her family.
The father is filled with anger that no one will help him find his missing son.
It looks like the boy is yelling at the ducks and threatening to strike them with his stick.
The man is angry with is daughter for not listening to him.  The daughter begs her father to forgive her.
I do not get why the woman has to be fully naked while the man is covered up
The red on the ground makes one think the ground is bleeding. Is there something wrong with the land? Is disease present?
The water is dark and reminds me of an oil spill that occurred in the Gulf of Mexico which killed thousands of animals
Looks to be a conniving person praying to the gods for a favor in return.
The giant is filled with anger when the villagers decided to come into his area and destroyed his home.
The expression of the girl in this drawing is tense, angry, unamused. She could be happier.
The fun game of cricket as made the couples become angry with each other. Because one of the woman said the other one was cheating.
The little girl is angry that she had to wear big bow in her hair. She had to wear it for her sister's wedding.
a king sitting on his throne barks out angry orders at his servants
The flowers should be colorful just as much as the fruit but they aren't which makes me angry.
The man looks angry and his face is shadowed and dark.
the bright figure looks like a god commanding power over others rather than letting them be free
A feeling of anger arises as the woman seems to be sweeping the leg of the humanoid fish man who was just learning to walk.
This painting is just someone putting paint in the same place, making nothing out of it and wasting paint in the process.
The expression on the person's face looks angry with their down turned eyebrows
His fancy clothes and fat face tells me that he is an aristocrats that scams the foolish and is a greedy pig.
The painting with the men fighting brings a feeling of anger and fear
a woman sitting on her chair looks up in anger
His raised eyebrows and upset looking face shows how angry he is with the people.
The black hat in the picture is really too big for the lady, that annoys me.
The servants are overly filled with anger. They have a rally to get the King pay attention to their needs and wants.
the clouds above look like billowing clouds of smoke and the dark forest below
He just seems like an angry, old man who would never smile for anything.
The red rectangle looks like it's in the way of the cream rectangle which make me angry.
The man looks like he is scolding the woman.
The woman is filled with anger as she watches her father's business being taken away by the bank.
The men appear to be shooting at something or someone
There seems to be some agitation among the gatherers. Either the man in the robes is trying to calm everyone or he is being stripped of power because it appears his head covering is being removed.
The middle eastern men appear to be enjoying a relaxing break until you realize that the have a tea boy dancing for them that they will probably sexually abuse
This woman was tied up naked to a tree and could not defend herself
a sumo wrestler uses his hand to choke another wrestler
The stamp of a overly powerful company. A logo of their control over you.
The captain is filled with anger as one of his crew broke into his sleeping quarters and stole the map of King's private island.
This makes me think that someone is spying on this woman after her bath
a woman with an angry expression on her face pulls out her sword, getting ready to attack
The art teacher is angry that her students are not listening to her art lecture.
his facial features such as eyebrows and frown indicate that he is angry
The woman is become angry with the photographer that he won't takes pictures of her nude like she asked.
The two wives are a filled with anger over their husband. Their husbands are ignoring them at the dinner party.
the young woman sits with her arms crossed and an annoyed look on her face
an old man's face is painted red, which symbolizes anger
His top hat and his outfit gives the idea that he is a greedy business man that does not care for others but himself.
The sun looks like it's burning into people's eyes and skin which makes me angry.
The photo depicts a woman and a man fighting. The man is drawn in bold color, the woman is drawn in white. The picture evokes some kind of anger between the two.
The scene is blurry and hazy looking, that it is hard to see the faces of the people.
The woman looks like she thinks she's the best which makes me angry.
this frightening looking man with his large kings outfit looks scary he looks angry
The young business man is filled with anger as he smiles politely and shakes the hand of his business partner. His business partner sabotage his company.
A group of soldiers returning after slaughtering villagers who disobeyed orders.
the way she is looking off to the distance and holding her chin in her hand
this woman's faces has been blackened out and it looks like there are bodies behind her
this razor sharp mountain range looks full of fury and it is rage
The two sisters are angry with each other that they have been feuding over the mother's inheritance.
the man looks really angry by the look of his eyes
Because the image shows a woman and her facial expression looks very smug with her smile and looking off to the side it just makes me angry.
this man dressed in brown clothes big build and beard looks unhappy and frightful and angry
The person shows in the above image looks angry on seeing something.
This image anger me the two other woman got on the same dresses and the other doesn't like she got more privilages than them.
The painting is sloppy and rushed making the viewer displeased by the artist attempt to make art as it looks like vomit on canvas.
this is not a floral painting plus i detest painting that depict unsanitary food arrangements
My boyfriend is becoming angry with me trying to tickle is foot with my foot. It really annoys him.
The King is filled with anger that his daughter was left at the alter. He plots on making sure the man pays for what he did to his daughter.
the the horses in this picture looks like they were splattered with blood
The animals look like they were abandoned by their owner which makes me feel angry.
The girl's bangs look uneven which makes me angry at whoever cut her hair.
The bold dark lines around some of the features, especially the foliage, seem to elicit aggression
The child is getting frustrated and angry that the princess wont pay attention to her.
The towns people are filled with anger and rage.  They caught the witch and are getting reading to throw it in a pit.
This has no story just a painting of a man. If art does not tell a story it is no better than a picture.
Red is an angry color and the use of this color on his raised fists enhances that emotion. His face shows pain.
someone has hung people on crosses and it's killing them
a man in glasses has a somewhat serious and angry look on his face
The boy is outraged and filled with anger that his father won't take him on the hunting trip.
that cat has a very stern and unfriendly expression on its face
Someone trying to get me to stop working. A person meddling in affairs that are not yours.
most of this picture is plastered with this dark navy blue coat that it is impossible to really get a feel of anything else in the frame
The three figure standing behind the man in the blue appear like they are discussing something purposely excluding the man in the blue.
A young man, in the prime of life, is pierced with an arrow.  He looks up to heaven, but death seems to be his fate.
The painting showing an angry man hitting another with a cup/bowl brings a feeling of anger
this cat is making a stern face and is hissing aggressively at the viewer
I feel that this angel just let that man go, judging on how the angel does not seem to care despite him holding a skull.
His clothes tell me that he is just another greedy artistocrat.
The outlines of the people are too blurry it makes it hard to enjoy the scene of the hustle and bustle of the people.
There seems to be an expression of dull anger or possibly jealously from the male reaching out to the girl.
The woman looks like she has a smug smile on which makes me angry.
These looks like laborers who are goofing around too much and skipping their daily work activities.
The cartoonish mouse imagery reminds me of Disney and how much money and influence they have in America.
It looks like he’s trying to grab her private area
this woman thought it was a good idea to embroider the face of Jesus on a towel
The similar drawings of a man and woman show the man angry or upset with a angry expression on his face.
In the above image the people are gathered in crowd and roaming everywhere.
This makes me think of someone that is cutting down the tops of trees for no reason
a man with a strange hat on stares blankly and has an angry calculating look on his face
In the above image looks like the soldiers are taking about their war plans.
I get a sense of nature's wrath from the painting. As if a destructive force has arrived.
This man looks as if he would be very difficult and mean to work with.
The blocks and sharp edges are not appealing making this painting frustrating as the image is hard to see.
The man is standing on the street he is filled with anger.  He yelling at the top of lungs and shaking his fist at the building he used to work for.
The young mother is getting frustrated and angry with trying to dress the child. The child keeps testing her patients by running around when she tries to dress him.
This painting makes me angry because for his hair style.
Too many dark, angry eyes staring out from this image and in the middle there appears to be an angry green-haired totem with yet more angry eyes and mouth open wide. The white lines all around seem like scratch marks trying to tear away the image.
The man looks like he is saying foul words
The mother is filled with anger and frustration that she can't comfort her baby girl.
This woman looks like she is being held against her will. Considering she is naked, she is probably fearful of what the men are going to do to her.
His facial expression is not making him any friendlier, and his behavior seems to be rancid.
It looks like the person is angry at the other in the painting
The incongruous features of the model's face along with grotesque hands, as well as, an exaggerated hat gives evidence for both the artist's possible anger at the model & the viewer's anger at corrupting portrait painting with such amateurish skill.
The man on the left appears to be shaking his fist in anger, his facial expressions show emotions of anger as well. And the man on the left looks as though he's reacting to the other man's anger.
The old man is angry that he has to always fix his fence.  And he's getting too old to take care of it.
The person looks bossy and careless by their facial expression which makes me angry.
These people would kill for some monarch that does not care about them at all
The shape of the mans eyebrows makes it feel as if he's annoyed.
Because the image shows a man and you can see his furrowed brow on his face and the way his stare is looking into the distance makes him look angry.
This painting is very chaotic. I can feel the rage that comes across in this.
The man in the photo looks fierce much like the loin that is drawn off to the side. He also looks tired and there is a lot of pain and anger behind his eyes.
The vase looks like it wasn't meant to be able to fit that big of a plant which makes me angry at whoever put the plant in a small vase.
These flowers are not painted in realism.
Lenin pictures usually showed his non emotional face. The look in his eyes shows the anger
The picture in image show a disappointment and anger of something
the very dark green trees and black jagged leaves
The look on the woman's face is one of contempt, the black clothing she wears enhances that, and the shades of red represent a hint of rage surrounding her.
The children are not properly clothed and look like they are having a hard time doing all the labor their mother demands of them.
The man standing outside the window appears to be shaking his fist at the man inside the window
his crossed arms, annoyed face and body posture
she's sitting in a dark room and i can't tell what she's working on and i feel like i don't trust her
There are too many posts stuck in the water to block open passageway for the boats.
the woman has her arms crossed and looks very displeased
The great Cesar was filled with anger that he decided to bash in his servants heads.
The one building is so much taller than all the other structures. It says though it’s trying to remind them they are small
The way the vase is stuffed with flowers is insulting, as they thought formality was a second thought.
The figure has a facial expression looking full of anger
The bright red color and aggressive pose of the archer creates a violent, angry feeling.
It almost looks as if this woman is a lunatic and giving away her child to a strange man.
The tall tree standing in the middle looks like it's blocking the view which makes me angry.
This is a very homoerotic painting that looks like it has young boys in it.  Normalizing pedophilia makes me angry.
The young woman is angry that someone decided to steal her engagement ring.
The girl is angry that her mother is still making her take ballet lessons.
She looks angry. the tilt of her eyebrows and the droop of her eyelids appear angry, yet she has no voice as her mouth has faded into her face.
the hammerfist on the book and his face makes him look angry
the expression on this man's face is quite lecherous.
The man has a burning look of anger in his eyes.
a man with long hair and a mustache looks quite angry
the woman appears to have been stripped of her clothes and is trying to hide
the man looks to be angry that he has been itnerrupted
the man and the woman are staring very angrily at each other
The painting brings that feeling of anger and sternness
The man is angry at the neighbor because she allowed her child to play in his flower garden.
the woman looks very annoyed as she hold her young baby
His smug face makes me think he is the kind to steal ideas from others.
The baby doesn't have any clothes on and the mother didn't bother to put them on the baby which makes me angry.
Looks like she is too obsessed with seeming high status.
Why does that child have a bird tied to a string instead of letting it live it's life.
this man in black with black cap on his head is with fury and rage
The picture seems to depict a riot or battle and you can see the anger on the expressions of the people in it.
That looks like stinky cheese or butter in a dog bowl.
Facial expressions make is seem like he is holding something and scare someone away.
There is a lot of chaos in the picture. You can see two children quarelling, a chair has fallen down.
The helpless woman, dressed in white, appears before men of authority in red and black robes. They are looking down at her, like she is inferior to them, and they are in dark colors, which signifies something evil going on.
the rows of small rectangular windows look institutional and authoritarian
hate the reaction of the girl in the painting
The one man is angry that the other man keeps bothering his wife.  So he decides to confront him about it.
He is angry and irritated by all the people around him. He wants to be lone for sometime.
a vast and desolate desert with boats shipwrecked on the side of the dune
the men appear to grab and try to drag away another man
a group of men look angry as if they are fighting over something
the pitch black cumulous clouds over very stormy seas
an angry look man looks like he is plotting some kind of revenge against someone
this man in sandy colour coat with a wicked smile looks full of fury and rage
Her facial expressions and her body language
The maids of hotel are angry over the under pay of wages. They are filled with anger as they march into the CEO office.
The angels seem to be fighting and struggling with each other in a large pile of people.
a stormy and very dark blue clouds over a group of mossy trees
People do not take care of the environment as the place looks dirty and disgusting.
This painting make me anger because her make over.
odd dark green shading over the canopy of these trees with a sulpher burnt sky
There is ill intent inside those eyes for sure. He looks stern and serious and I can see he has some bad feelings inside.
This man is filled with anger after he finds out he was fired.  So he goes out on the street to scream.
this woman is looking quite smug and the way she is holding her arms crossed across her body
The lady looks angry and irritated by some incident that happened before she posed for the picture.
The child in the purple blouse is stealing the hat of the boy in front of him.
The woman looks highly suspicious and looks like she is about to steal something which makes me angry.
The painting looks to me like the man is angry sitting on the bench with his female counterpart standing in anger (or disgust) not speaking to her male counterpart.
this is a look of a man who spends his life assuming he is above everyone he meets.
Based on her face, it looks like she doesn't want have her breasts showing
The flowers look left out of the vase which makes me angry.
The wife is filled with anger after her husband cheating. So she decides to pack up her stuff and leave. The husband comes home to an empty house.
The men cutting hair both look extremely upset.
THE DARK SHADES AND POINTED EYEBROWS SHOWS ANGER.
The man is overly filled with anger about his boss. That out of his anger and frustration he cuts himself shaving.
the deep red elicits a sense of anger
There is nothing more angering than seeing a innocent person getting slaughtered.
this boy in the uniform looks like he has been indoctrinate to serve in his country's army unwillingly
the two groups of people stand across from each pointing at each other and are about to fight
The woman is filled with anger at how the customers are treating the new waitress.
This is chaos, the lines appear harsh with the sharp angles.
The man has an angry or hostile look on his face.
One boy is lying on the bed and people seem to be arguing angrily. It seems two old people are arguing about the boy's condition whereas the angry priest is arguing back against the two old men.
There is so much smoke omitting into the air from many different factories and boats.
The sloppy color pallet and the jagged edges brings temper to the viewer as the artist rushed through their work.
You have to get someplace fast, but to many people are on the streets. You will be late.
They both are fighting. The man gives a hard punch to the other person who falls off after the hit.
this is a violent nomad travelling in a blood red sky hunting his victims
A group of non-believers stage a protest against the religious establishment.
The woman's head accessory doesn't match her outfit which makes me angry.
I have a feeling that this man did not earn that medal nor that sash fairly.
The painting elongates certain features on these two African Americans to make them look more animal than human. For instance, these people's hands are longer than they should be and more closely resemble the hands one sees on an ape.
His outfit gives the impression that he is some snobby aristocrat.
a woman dressed in black has an angry look on her face
There is an angry tone in the mans eyes.
The white man looks like he probably conquered other minorities and now he is smiling about it.
The sailor is angry that he was not picked to run King's ship.
The crowd is filled with anger as they see the man on the horse winning the race. They saw him cheat and that is why they are angry.
The above image looks like a lady is ordering her servant to work.
The expression of the man in the picture gives me an angry vibe.
The man on that horse seems to be occupying my home village, and it is not a friendly occupation.
It seems the woman is disturbed because of the man behind her. Her face expression is not good and seems to be annoyed or angry because of the man's action.
Something about his smug face gives the idea that he just stole my wallet a few seconds ago.
this old man has very stern eyes and has a grumpy expression on his face
black and grey clouds over a very old and rickety pirate boat
a soldier pulls out his sword in anger as he prepares to attack
this woman with child is raging inside and unhappy she is full of rage  because of the crying
Why is everyone naked in this photo, it is very unsanitary.
The lady is disappointed and filled with anger after she got ready to go out to dinner with her husband.  Her husband decided to cancel at the last minute.
the way he holds his head in his hand is quite pretentious
The stupid looking man seems to be judging me and is ready to say something rude.
The area looks like it was destroyed and trashed over which makes me feel angry.
This king is about to mass execute innocent people based on a lie.
it looks like this town is under attack by the people in the boats
The colors in the painting are hostile and have no shapes.
There's nothing on the beach and its so plain which makes me angry.
bright deep orange is jarring and represents the color of anger
there is an odd greenish tinge to the darkness of this picture, the clouds make it very gloomy
The people who are in the row boat are angry that they couldn't be on the larger ship.
The man looks like a proud member of the confederacy of the united states and they fought to preserve slavery.
The man is holding the lady in a manner that she can fall and hurt herself.
This reminds me of Adam and eve in the story of original sin. Which has influenced a lot of how society lives to this day
From a distance these people look like Ku Klux Klan members.
The look in her eyes and the slight down turn of her eyebrows make her look annoyed, possibly anxious. Also, her hands are not relaxed and laying flat and her fingers are slightly curled.
the sky looks like it is on fire being torched
the deep red fist squeezing tight gives off an aura of anger
The sharp jagged edges of the spikes look like teeth bearing down on someone.  They stand out against the purple which gives them an even bigger presence
The color red can be interpreted as angry.
The guy in red looks like an evil person.
In the above the person face is filled with anger on seeing something.
the very dark shading on nearly every building and the roads makes this look like a very unfriendly place
The city looks like a society separated with elitists on one side and the impoverished on the other
The large serpent is filled with anger after humans decides to invade its living quarters.
the dark color of the wood and the swampiness of the water
It looks like a political building and that reminds me of corruption.
an old woman dressed in black has an angry expression on her face
The woman looks afraid that that man has trapper her and she cannot get away.
The farmer is angry with the baker.  She gave him the wrong loaf of bread.
The smokestacks are shooting thick plumes of pollution into the atmosphere.
the body language of these two are as if they had a fight and are now looking in separate directions
The teenager is filled with anger as she writes a letter to the governor complaining about the how the schools are be mistreated.
This picture makes me think about people who do not want to take care of themselves. People who expect hand outs from others.
This reminds me of the sheets the KKK used to wear
It appears a confrontation is taking place between the older and younger man. The people are displaying an anxiousness about it.
The business man is angry at his secretary for not making his coffee right.
The woman looks as if she is about to scold the child for interpreting her piano time.
His lips are clinched and his eyes look angry. It’s an intense gaze with stiff body language which furthers that he’s angry
It angers me because it is too brown and hard to know what it is I'm looking at but yet, similar to original.
The jumbled mess of random shading in this scene makes it hard to see which way is right side up.
people are fighting and killing each other it's a war
The Greek gods and goddess are filled with anger. They are angry at how Zeus is treating them.
The king is filled with anger on who stole his wife's diamonds.  He has put everyone on trial.
The sharp point of the mountain makes it appear aggressive
The men appear to be firing at someone
This woman looks like she is getting a ton of unwanted attention from men
The colors and the brushstrokes make me feel tense when I look at it.
the tall thin man chasing the gangster that stole his wallet.
a man with a hat stares ahead with an angry expression on his face
This white man looks like he has treated minorities badly.
The place in the above image people are roaming and standing in a crowd like market
two men who look like diplomats are arguing over reason.
a man dressed up in fancy clothing has a stern angry look on his face
the way he is looking off to the left and looking up, he looks smug and judgemental
The woman in the red looks like she is enjoying sentencing an innocent person to have their head chopped off.
The above image looks like the girls fought each other and both looks like angry.
the top canopy of the forest is so green, it looks like the sky has absorbed its color
she sat angry after reading a letter disinheriting her for marrying a criminal
The all red background makes it appear evil as it angers the viewer with the deep hues.
The trees look like they were planted without any distance between them which makes me angry.
The fire deputy is angry that his men didn't follow is direct order about leaving the building that was on fire. And the building was called to be very unsafe.
The man is angry at the other man at the other table.  He made some rude comments about his wife.
They look like politicians. So, the cherub nearby is ridiculous.
The wife is becoming annoyed and angry over how late her husband is.
a man pulls another man by the hair in anger as it looks like a fight is going to start
The man's expression looks focused and he appears to be angry
an angry looking soldier points at a woman and he looks ready to attack
The scattered red color makes me feel that a mess has been made. Also, the depth perception is off.
a woman in black has a very angry expression on her face
The woman is feeling anger against the angel for not protecting her. The angel is begging forgiveness.
The young prince is filled with anger when the men don't take him seriously about taking over the kingdom.
There is an abundance of food and there’s two people selfishly eating it by themselves
the men are being forced to push the carriage while others ride, a man has a raised hand commanding the men
This man looks very angry.  The green background reminds me of the saying "green with envy".  perhaps this man is jealous of someone, frustrated.  Looks to have a hard personality.
it looks like a couple of men are wrestling with each other and are filled with anger
The bust's brows are downward and the overall expression looks to be one of anger.
The painting is blank and there's no color which makes me angry.
The wife is angry at her husband for flirting with another woman while at the horse auction event.  She was filled with anger because she was left taking care of their son.  While he was too busy flirting.
It looks like there is a controvery or rebellion occurring.
this woman is prostituting herself by posing naked for this art class
Money is not art, it’s the root of all evil and ruins art in my opinion
Lucifer is overly anger with how his right hand demon princess wants to redecorate hell.
The person's expression has a slight frown that you can see with their mouth and eyebrows.
this is an attractive woman, but she looks like she is trying too hard to be sexy, so much so it is almost comes off as desperate
The CEO is angry that his partner wants to merge with their competition.
these men are holding muskets and are most likely going to use them violently against other people
people in the background are being hanged so they will die
this old man well dressed with purple clothes looks frightening and full of rage
This woman looks like she might have had a bad experience and does not know what to do
Dark color for the leaves of the trees, no clear features for the people and above all, gray color for river water when the sky is bright, all create a anger feel.
The man looks as if he has a look of disgusted anger.
They are treating those civilians as they are lesser beings, and this is not right.
the person on the floor appears to be being beaten to death
there is an overbearing amount of smugness in the expression in his face
He seems angry and his eyebrows look bad
The woman on the left appears to be disinterested in dining with the companion on the right.
The man in the middle looks like some rich man that gets away with anything
The woman is filled with anger has she didn't pay attention to what her little girl wanted.
the way this man is aggressively staring at something out of the frame
a man turns his head and stares with an angry look on his face
The black dressed man looking hardly to something or someone making angry.
it makes no sense it is just a random scribble
The woman is overwhelmed with anger that her husband made her look like a fool in front of her friends.
the woman looks so upset with the current situation of her life
Her face including eyes reflects angriness and the clothes he is wearing look like an worrier
The gentleman is filled with anger when he saw the woman take flowers from his wife's garden.  He is like these were my wife's flowers.
It looks like she’s trying to use the Bible to justify some abhorrent behavior
They all look like they are carrying this fat man because they are mad at him.
His posture and the look on his face.
No form or shape to decipher, a jumble of colours that look like chaos.
a warrior prince takes out a stick and whips it around in anger
This painting shows a man attempting to kill a blindfolded man on the ground. It reminds me of slavery and oppresion.
the anger in this woman's face and the gown of thick wool looks sorrowful
the man looks very angry about something that happened recently
The man looks angry and unhappy to have to be carrying anything.
The man seems to convey a feeling of anger in his expression.
The red makes it seem full of rage
The area is crowded and polluted and the many flags suggest a strict and suppressive order.
The old woman is sneering terribly at the man she is about to swindle in the middle of a transaction.
This village is being attacked and murdered by cold hearted savages
This appears to be a fight of some sort.  I would be mad if someone was pulling on me.
The woman is standing very erect and has a stern look on her face which suggests anger.
enjoying with the drugs and unethical things made the life disrespectful and feels the anger.
The man's eyebrows carry a sense of fury at something
An older bald man sits and has an angry expression on his face
The darker colors and the desk/body behind it remind me of a judge's area in a courthouse, so I feel like the person painted is judgmentally angry.
The red view is daunting as it appears as dried blood making the viewer angry as the subtle view of it in rages them because of the simplicity of it.
The young intellect unfortunately used his high IQ to develop weapons of mass destruction.
The black train, pulling up to the station is billowing smoke causing pollution.
Anger shows from the man's face with the narrowing eyes and the lines on his forehead.
the color black gives sad feeling  , if it is not defined means the feel angry.
The man holding a glass in his hand looks angry.
The man is overwhelmed with anger after learning that his father decided to not give him any of the inheritance from his grandfather.
He looks annoyed. Seems like he is there because he has to be
cloudy and it makes darkness to the nature and the trees green color not found.
The man is filled with anger as his son makes a fool of himself at the office meeting.
the way this man's horse servants are working tirelessly while he shows this woman the fields that he owns
the kids face looks like he does not want to be there.
The subject has her arms folded, her cheeks red with ire, looking away. Her body language is unmistakably annoyed, creating a similar sense of irritation and anger in the observer.
the black x makes me want to revolt against something
it is rough and unclear, it does not make sense
The clouds in the background of the painting look polluted and filled with smog from the traffic on the street. The streets and snow look grey and moist and slippery.
There is not pathway through the trees.   I would be so aggravated if I had to fight my way through that every day.
it is vulgar that the lying , it will focus only the body parts.
A woman and her dog angrily confront two intruders on horseback.
The wife is overwhelmed with anger on finding out her husband had an affair.  She demands that he leaves the estate.
The man have a strong feeling of anger for something wrong happened.
The man looks uninterested in what is going on and it bothers me how he is not looking at me.
Dark reddish and black tones seen to represent anger or rage, the way it all seems to emanate from the center like so many bolts of lightning.
He looks annoyed. The hand positioning on the face seems to tell me annoyed or boredom.
the slumped shoulders make me believe she doesn't want to be there or is scared
The woman is filled with anger as this drunk man will not leave her alone at the restaurant.
The woman seems to gesticulate back to the other woman
the darkness of the nature reveals how horror it is.
The man seems very stressed and displeased, in a way that is revolting as he seems to want to start a fight.
It seems like the men is hitting the women with an anger in his face.
The lady becomes overwhelmed with anger when her little dogs going running off in the park.
Hands on hips and mean looking face usually means someone is angry.
An old woman in makeshift armor poses angrily.
The person on the left seems to be looking straight into the sun which is a terrible idea
The people near the harbor become filled with anger when the drunk captain runs his ship into the side of the harbor.
The old man looks angry and asking god to answer his questions.
The blazing orange colors of fall portend a dark, cold winter.
the greenery have been lost by the human hand , all the plane become dry.
His brows are furled he seems angry or mad
the men scrub the floor as peasants for the rich masters
The glaring eyebrows with the lower head tilt of the subject is very antagonizing.
A drawing of a man in a mustache looks quite angry at something
looking in a bad manner reflect his behavior  and his sense of negativity.
The man is filled with anger and rage after he learns that his grandfather was murdered for helping out a young woman.
the man looks to always be upset with his life and never content
This man’s mustache is itself a work of bristly, painful, uncomfortable art.
The woman in blue looks angry because the man appears drunk and with another drunk woman.
I have an overwhelming feeling of anger that the two jockeys got in an argument over the race.
The woman's tilt of her head and her irritated expression along with her hand in a fist have a sense of anger.
The darkness and the black squiggly lines makes me think of anger.
The looks angry and his face is filled with many questions.
The man who is sitting, looks angry, and his eyes look scary. Because of the way the man's mouth looks, he looks like he is angry.
The way they are all staring at each other seems hostile and as if they are in an argument.
Judging by his dark clothes and big hat, I feel that he is the kind to steal my wallet while I am not looking.
the chaos and disorder in the picture makes me feel anxious and uneasy.
The town is overwhelmed with anger when the King decides to close down the port.
The knight is overwhelmed with anger that he seeks out revenge on the Queen for killing his wife.
The lines in the sky blurred trees give a sense of high winds which gives a sense of danger
The man's eyes seem to be lit with anger and the shadowed lines of his eyebrow and nose accentuate this.
Everyone looks very upset that there is a baby to take care of now and that they need some way to make it look important so they can carry on with their lives in the way they were originally.
The wind is picking up through the trees and the woman is a small, minute silhouette dressed in black, her posture and color suggest she is lonely and in mourning.
An old man with angry face looking somewhere and rude in appearance.
The dark colors of the painting suggest a feeling of ominous furry.
This man has been badly injured probably in a war he had no business fighting in
The woman is overwhelmed with anger when her father decides to not let his grandson welcome into the family business.
The red blotch in the blue, green and white field shows anger welling up to destroy the calm.
These flowers need to be watered more often and better taken care of
This guy looks like he is annoying and bothers people relentlessly
A man with a bow and arrow looks on in anger as his target is missed
The two sisters are filled with anger at how the one sister was left at the altar at her wedding.
the white man well dressed but looking something serious in his facial expression.
This image elicits the thought of a female being trapped in some way. The colors are aggressive and the pointed spears look menacing.
The sky is becoming black and dark. The person with the cane has a confrontational pose.
The man looks very angry whilst he is painting the picture
It looks like a depiction of a slave woman behind the naked lady and it is upsetting regardless if it is artwork to me.
The stern and hard look on the woman's face tells you she is not here to be governed
The rich old man with rude and angry face makes negative to others.
The leading man in the red uniform looks like he has just murdered the person on the ground in white.
The brush strokes in the background of the painting have a violent and angry feel to me.
The woman's eyes make her seem furious about something
The pattern angers the viewer as it is disorientating making the viewer confused and sad.
It looks like there has been an accident and the people are having to do more work than is necessary.
Don Quixote is hell bent on exacting his revenge against his adversary
the man looks so angry that invokes anger in me
The room seems to be filled with aggression and arguments
The young queen is filled with anger  after her kingdom fell to the current government.
She looks angry there weren't better flowers. She threw down her umbrella to pick up a handful but they look half dead and she knows it.
This man is clearly smug about something that makes him feel better than everyone else.
He looks annoyed in the dark, gloomy room.
The old man with the beard looks like he is sipping his drink tensely as he seems heavily irked.
the man looks angry as if I did something wrong to him
the waves seem to be smashing into the rocks, which also makes you feel a violent sort of emotion, like anger and frustration
The mans facial expression makes it seem like he does not want to be there.
A gang of thieves drew out the blueprints of a bank they intended to rob.
The man's pupils  seem dialated  and angry.
The look on the mans face almost looks as if he is judging me without even looking at me.
The facial expression of the man is angry, frustrated, and equally unhappy.
The men are filled with anger as they learn their friend has betrayed them with sharing important news to the reporter.
the attitude given is the same as doing school work without understanding anything
The jagged edges and the black make me feel angry.
I would be so mad if I saw a man pulling on a female.
The art work is too plain and not not artistically arranged.
His body posture and face makes him look annoyed.
The way the group is huddled up, I would be aggravated that it is a club of many that I was not invited to be a part.
thee manly face seems strict and angry which invokes anger in me as well towards his aggresion
The woman has a very haughty expression on her face which enduces anger to the viewer.
I feels to me the model was told to pose for this picture. That perhaps she didn't have a choice.
The man has turned red from the anger seething inside
he has an annoying looks, it infuriates me makes frown
Angry face makes the others also angry, old man looking rude to something.
The men are arguing and the only colros are black and white
I hate art like this, it makes no sense. It makes me confused and angry because I don't understand why people like it or how they find meaning in it.
Gloomy colors and the man looks very annoyed.
the young girl doesn't seem to want to have her painting done naked
This looks like this guy keeps advancing on this woman without her wanting it
Attempting to hike this terrain would be back breaking.    I would be angry if I were forced to do so.
They may be plotting something and we should be worried
a man in green has a sharp look and an angry expression on his face
She looks really angry which makes me angry.
the woman's facial expression makes her seem angry and annoyed
The man's eyes carry a sharp and tempered look to them
The sketch could have been better, because it looks like some 10 year old drew this for their art class.
There are a lot of people in the image whose main aim is not visible.
The man with the wine bottle looks like a thief stealing from the other man
red is the color of anger and this painting exudes this feeling to a great extent
this big powerful man in black clothes and a thick black beard is frightening and with rage and fury
The man has angry looking eyebrows and eyes
This makes me think that someone is not taking care of their food and letting it rot
the man within the black lines around his eyes looks furious
The lines are so long in getting into the building.  I would be very frustrated during the process.
The large black spot that is over all the other colors ruins the image and angers me.
The intense furrowed brows and the scowl of the man makes him look terribly upset.
The dark shading of the adult outfit paired with the head position of the child causes me to feel angry.
The confusion in this photo with the different things coming out of each of the figures' mouths makes me feel frustrated and angry.
The woman's deep look of dissatisfaction on her face makes me feel like she is irked.
This painting seems to reinforce gender stereotypes, with the man providing for the woman, and the woman's purpose being sex
This Asian woman is flipping through her book quickly looking for information.
With the bright red colors this painting seems to depict a great deal of anger to me.
The old man and old woman appear to be quite angry about something.
the horses look like they are being overworked and not happy.
The man on the left appears to be very angry.
Child seems bored having to learn how to play the piano
The man in white seems to be trying to convince the angry man in red
This image is quite chaotic, but I can see fire, scary masks and disorder
the drawing depicts racists caricatures of black people and this angers me
The woman looks like she has been spurned and is angry
The man is overwhelmed with anger about losing his new business venture.
The man here has these wide hateful looking eyes that just daringly glare ahead.
The older man is filled with anger that his friend allowed his pet bird to die.
In a battle all the soldiers are killed by the brave leader of the kingdom.
the dark mountains covered the entire thing and it is very dark.
Anger for the painting's viewer is enhanced by the clueless subject matter, crude images, and sloppy execution of the painting. The dominant red color scheme clearly expresses that anger.
It looks like a war might be going on, with billowing smoke and ruined buildings
the blue and red clothing appears of an us south solider who wanted to keep slaves
the two women seem to be arguing about something simple
The town's people are filled with anger as they gather around to talk to the king about his new rules on taxes.
The man is sitting naked while having a disgruntled look on his face.
a man with sharp looking features stares ahead with an angry expression
Industry with the smokestacks are contributing to climate change.   It makes me angry that they are not fined every week they do not meet the standards.
a young girl seems very irritated as she sits and plays the piano
It looks as if this was once a quiet settlement, but now it has been overrun by all of the carriages and people.
There are so many who are crowded in the city and it is still flooded.
These people do not have enough room for all these animals to roam
The woman seems angry at the girl, and turned her head away.
This man appears to be angry in this paining, which gives me a bad sensation.
the angry face does not accept anywhere and it is not to like.
the two men are arguing with each other as they are traveling while riding horses which reminds me of every family trip
The red tint mixed with darker colors makes me feel anger
the red background invokes anger and disdain for the world
The dark colors and the facial expressions give off a secret affair vibe they’re cheating on they’re spouses
This looks like when someone is incredibly angry and has to go outside to get some air.
The painting seems to be depicting a scene from a battlefield.
The image of a nun makes me angry as it reminds me of the abuse on indigenous residential schools.
The flowers and the cliff look like they are panted in totally different scales. Either the flowers are as big as ships or the cliffs are as small as rocks.
Barbed wire encircled the innocent community making escape close to impossible.
it looks like this man is holding this woman against her will
the blue color overlaps everywhere and cannot defined the particular things here
The man looks like he is judging me.
In this painting it looks as if a cross is being brought over for a crucifixion which is extremely horrorifing and sad.
The colors annoy me, the skeletons are creepy and the green part looks like distorted breasts. Overall, the painting just irks me.
red is the color of anger and this painting and its shades of red evokes that feeling
Most part of the painting is pale with a very unclear view of a city background and the blue and red color give no distinct picture, so it gives a angry feel.
the well off boy seems to be pouting about something he didn't get
His crossed arms and annoyed face makes me feel like he's not having a good time.
the style of that man's really bushy and cylindrical beardy
He looks angry, in a determined way, with an evil gleam in his eye.
this painting is random, messy and disorganized. its annoying to look at
The family are off the designated trails and wrecking the landscape so they can have their stupid picnic.
by looking with angry face on positive thing also change that into negative
he looks like a vicious tyrant ruling with an iron fist
a man with long hair has a very angry look on his face
The woman at the top looks like she thinks she is better than everyone else
He looks angry, and as if he is about ready to murder someone
He seems like he is angry and is hiding a sword ready to strike.
The people appear to be wondering why they are being painting and the man seems annoyed about it.
The man sitting with the two women looks to be angry like someone interrupted a conversation between himself and the two women.
The undefined picture gives the angry in the particular moment and it is too dark in color.
She looks like someone who is always angry.
Her eyebrows and their angle irritate me.
This image depicts something nonconsensual happening. Either an abduction or a murder. The colors are dark and the figures are posed in a tense stance.
She probably believes that she is better than others because of the family she is in
The knight is filled with anger has he rides off to find the king who killed his wife.
there is fury and anger in this mans face with his grey suit and red tie
I have an overwhelming feeling of anger that the two sisters are feuding with each other. The king has decided to ban his two daughters from the kingdom until they fix things.
The wife is filled with anger has her husband decides to be late for her dinner party.
The town becomes overwhelmed with anger when they start getting more street traffic in their town.
This image reminds me of the man in the painting in ghostbusters 2. This image and him seem angry.
it looks like a man or woman is being killed in the upper right
She looks like she just wants the painting to be finished already.
The man has sharp angled eyebrows that make him look angry
The huge man carries an axe with him to kill the ferocious monster that has been destroying his village.
this well to do man looks very serious and with anger and frightening eyes of venom
The man in the centre looks like he is gesticulating
The woman looks like she can't stop smoking and it's affecting her health very badly which makes me angry.
The hardened criminal had burglarized the unoccupied apartment room and made off with a few valuables.
The men are abusing a woman here and she is opposing them, feel very angry to the men.
When the eyes change in color from red, to purple, and then to black, they embody an intensity of hatred.
The men seemed garbed for war, anxious to be in battle, the civilians look resigned in their duties and place in this dark, harsh land.
The expression on the woman's face makes me feel a bit angry. She looks angry and solemn - she would not be nice to interact with in this moment.
Kid seems to be bored, and has an annoyed look on her face.
looks like they do not have proper care and are lost
it seems like there is alot of wind that is blowing everything away
bathing publically in nude makes angry towards them.
The poor calf is killed by the hunters. They should be punished for such cruelty.
a giant fist points angrily against a red backdrop
a man seems very irate as he grabs a hold of another man
The man is ranting and looks angry and / or crazy.
This lady is pissed off as if the murder she committed wasn't enough
the look of this man's face is angry which invokes anger in me
this ruler has rage and fury in his eyes and no one is safe from his anger
The father is filled with anger over his son to disobeying his mother that he ignores him as he reads his book.
the man's expression is stuck up and makes me want to punch him
The woman is angry at her cat for bringing fleas in to her home. So she gives the cat a flea bath.
His stuffy clothes and wig seems like a noble with no experience in his position.
This image right here looks like the sun is fading things away and that makes me feel anger.
The crowd becomes overwhelmed with anger when the police decide to barricade the field to the festivals.
Black color means the sad and angry, undefined image means angry.
It is some kind of annoyed moment for him, he is turn back with dislike.
His fat belly and flashy clothes tell me that he is some lazy officer that probably stole the glory from other officers.
this person on the left looks like they are a tyrant and these people on the right are begging for forgiveness
a young man with red hair has a somewhat angry look on his face
seems like the baby is being taken away forcefully against others wishes
These roses are too crowded together which is making the droop so much
I get angry after looking at the image as the child seems to be denied something which it cant reach.
this is an excessively over crowded beach party where no one is social distancing
two women stand together while one is upset and has her hands on her hip
The painting here looks very angry and dark honestly very strange to see
He looks like he is about to stand up and confront someone.
The mans deadpan face makes him seem annoyed.
Man looks annoyed that he has to be with children and the animal
The waves pound against the cliff and show their wrath
The smug look on the mans face while he holds the feather displeases me.
there are dark clouds covering their heated discussion
Back to the painter, doesn't want to be painted. Feels like he is annoyed.
Ezechiel looks over to his advisors, angrily demanding an answer.
the way she has a stern look and folding her arms
The man's furrowed arched brows and glaring eyes make him look extremely upset.
There are too many items up on the beach.   I would not want to go to one where boats, etc. are laying right next to the water on the beach.
The woman with the hourglass, seems to be angry and concerned with time, or basically that she does not have time for this.
This woman is on her hands and knees and looks as if she may be being violated. She is looking afar off, and she seems to be sad yet numb. Maybe this has happened several times before. I feel for her pain, but I burn in anger.
the boy looks upset for no apparent reason
this woman is looking away and has clearly rejected this loser
it is too dark rock part and find to be hard , there have nothing beautiful.
the different shades of orange and red bring about a feeling of anger
the scribbles of black and red invoke chaos inside me
The lady pictured in the image who has no clothes seems to be lonely,
The gang of the north side are filled with anger that the south side is trying to take a piece of their land.
two men in black look like they're angry as if they were arguing about something
All the people that are naked are being disrespectful of the church.    Disrespect and church make me feel very uncomfortable.
The mans eyebrows are the thing that makes him look angry.
The man looks like he is yelling and perhaps has poison to give to someone.
It would be annoying to live with plants and trees growing into your windows and rooftop.
this is a maid who doesn't know how to wear her uniform properly
This looks like a man whose anger energy coming off his body has been seen by a stranger and quickly drawn before the observer lost sight of the fleeting honest emotion.
The baker is filled with anger when he sees his son messing with the ingredients to bake his famous bread.
The woman appears to being attacked by the men.
The way the man's arms are crossed about his chest and the stern look in his eyes gives a sense of anger.
The queen is filled with anger after she notices her necklace from her father was broken.
The raised eyebrow and sideways glance on this smartly dressed man suggests he is angry or dissatisfied with someone
The old man is filled with anger has he sits and reads the letter from the Queen telling him that he is a disgrace to the town.
The rider of this horse is angry and attacking another individual with anger with a knife.
I get angry , in the painting the man is attacking some animal.
This man seems to have a life that I do not believe I can attain
These two men anger me and I don't like that I don't know what's in the man's hand.
I think it's the lips, but this person seems annoyed.
a woman fidgeting with her fingers has an angry look on her face
~the man's eyebrows makes him appear to be furious at something
She looks like she is not enjoying the moment.
The man leading the caravan of people looks like he does not treat his animals with love and care.
it is confusing, i had a difficult time trying to understand it
All the oranges and yellows made me feel aggressive.   Some of the green in it look like sad people.
A man is being killed by a group of soldiers in front of the church.
she is not pampering but looking with rude intension means she have some serious problems
It looks like the man is trying to capture (and likely rape) the woman who is running away from him.
He might have something bad written on that paper based on how he looks mad
The black and white  sketch adds to  the angry look on the man's face.
The villagers are filled with anger about having to close down the church.
life before technology where getting from point A to point B would take 1000x longer without cars
crowded people in place show the uncomfortable things got happened.
The weather looks dark and stormy and the streets and sidewalks are crowded with traffic.
While the kids looks entertained, if I was on the other side of the window, I wouldn't want kids looking in while I am busy.
it is found to be angry that the rocks and only water, there nothing in greenery.
This looks like a young child who should not be naked at all
Man seems like he is annoyed or impatient.
The chaotic and randomness that each color was splashed on the page bothers me.
the original painting shows smile face and the painting i choose shows anger in face
the man looks angrily towards the painter with a wild look
The old man looks angry it seems something wrong was happened.
Look at her!  that's an angry woman!!
The reddish hues of this scene depict a generally angry vibe
The red in the photo makes me feel the rage in the painting
The witch is overwhelmed with anger that she summons all the creatures in the forest to bring revenge to the town.
the look of this man looks evil as if he is planning something
The wife is overly filled with anger on how her husband is always drunk and makes a fool of himself at the family parties.
The which is filled with anger has her fellow sidekick decided not to obey her orders.
The gentleman is filled with anger as his fellow employees decided to go on strike.
The woman sitting by the table looks stern and rigid while the woman below her looks scared and unable to get a word in that will express her position.
the orange dots invoke anger and chaos in my body
a man with a royal outfit on has an angry look on his face
The messy art, the drippy bleeding streaks of paint. The red and the orange just give me the feeling of being so angry.
There is some type of building or bench that is red and pink.   It doesn't belong and ruins the photo.
The woman is lying naked ont he floor with a child who is also naked.
The bold colors and sharp angles feel like madness
the anger in the man's eyes also bring an anger to me
The man is frowning and his eyebrows are not straight. The man does not look happy.
The art work has no content and i don't understand the  message it passes along.
The king is filled with anger that his wife decides not agree with his course of action on taking over the land.
Cities that emit this much air pollution should have to pay a large fine.   I despise going into cities this unhealthy.
the darkness and the scary depiction of this portrait angers me
clouds look dark which means the sun is not out causing the days to appear as nights
the anger in his eyes doesn't look warranted and that upsets me
I just don't see what the arrows are meant for; they serve no purpose to me and are in the way.
Here we see the face of an angry old man with a beard.
the free space found that in the  forest only and it is found clumsy.
The man is angry as he reads the letter from his friend. His friend had betrayed him.
The man holding the book and making a fist gives off a vengeful feeling as if he is harsh.
The one woman is angry that the other woman told lies about her at the country fair.
The way the woman looks over her shoulder with her chin jutted out gives a sense of anger.
Even though he is not fighting right now, but I feel he will take part in a raid against a city I live in.
the way she is posing looks forced with her hand underneath her elbow
Sitting naked like that, with that look on their face makes them look so angry. I just can't decide what they're sitting there waiting for.
The rude and angry face determine the situation is worse here.
The young priest is overwhelmed with anger on how he sees his teacher mistreating the students.
This person looks like they judge people just based upon how they look
The lead knight is overwhelmed with anger on how he has to control his men on the battle field.
This woman should be covered up when around her children
The lady is looking angry because her child is irritating her.
The professor is filled with anger as he learns that he being fired from the school for not obeying the rules of teaching.
It looks like there may be some slaves, or it may be during some war. There are two characters that look like they're planning an ambush on the left.
The man is sitting and thinking about something in anger.
Her facial expressions give off a more annoyed attitude.
Closer to 'evil' feeling. Dark red and black colors. Lifelessness in the picture.
Looking into the woman's eyes it is easy to see that she does not want to be there
looking with high level of anger in her face stimulates angry to others
a woman sits down by a creek and looks very irritated
this man is pathetically simping himself to impress this girl while playing the lute
This reminds me of the pillars inside parking garages that I always smack my car door against when I open it too fast
This person seems to be very stern or upset with something that they are thinking about.
The two women are overwhelmed with anger after they have an argument over than they are both interested in.
in this painting seems like a women walking angry.
at first when I saw the image I thought the woman had raised her hand to hit the cat; even now that i see that isn't the case I can't shake my discomfort
The woman's head doesn't match her body shaped which makes me angry.
The man looks as if he has gotten wealthy by stepping on others to get to the top.
That billowing smoke is filled with pollution and it's going right towards the citizens on the bridge.
It appears to make fun of the Native American Indian and the colors are drab.
The man appears to be  held captive in a cell and is  placed in chains.
The woman is overly filled with anger that the man decided to steal her apples from her.
This image right here anger me it's looks like to me person sprit taking over another person body
This painting gives me the impression that the woman is angry because the man is lying down being lazy like always.
Looks like a father who is to busy to pay time and affection to his kid
The woman appears to be groped which is an unacceptable approach.
a splash of bright red brings out a sense of anger in this painting
It seems unfinished, I would never want anything like this on my walls
The woman is overwhelmed with anger that her best friend stood her up.
The people become filled with anger when a fun game of tag turned into violence.
The man is overwhelmed with anger and regret that he decided not release and invention.  And another man got the credit for it.
The man is shaking his fist in anger at the man guarding the door.
Nude and careless women lying looks like anger on the situation.
The casino in the middle of town was alleged to be a front for underage prostitution.
The man looks anger because something wrong or bad thing happened.
The mans eyes makes it feel like he is not happy.
He is looking at something very seriously and angrily too.
The body language and expression on the man makes me feel angry.   He looks so arrogant and condescending.
The woman is frowning and looks angry. Her mouth is opening wide and it seems something makes her anger increase.
The person in the painting is turned away from the viewer and has a face that looks like it seems submissive to those in power. He seems like he is hiding something.
The lady is looking others in an angry manner.
The way all the men are sitting but the woman is standing it seems like she is not being allowed to sit.
I do not like the statute of liberty being portrayed in this violent manner.
His fat build and his smug face made me think he is one of those lazy noblemen who has his servants do everything.
She does not look like she wants to be there based off her face.
Her face and posture show anger. She also has a closed fist.
The mother is overwhelmed with anger as her daughter is not listening to her and obeying her while they walk along the busy town.
the way of looking is not in nice manner and it tends to be anger.
The archer is going to shoot some living thing and that angers me.
A woman in a fancy dress has an angry expression on her face
The one woman is filled with anger as the other performer took her spot in the lead performance tonight. And she made her look like a fool in front of the entire audience.
the sharpness of the light gives how hot it is and there have none of trees also.
The one lady is filled with anger that the other woman's husband will not pay her family for the services they have offered them.
The reddish brown color of the green mans face resembles of blood.
The man's face and expression look so angry and red that it makes me mad to look at it.
She stares with such a deep piercing conviction in the intensity of her eyes. As if  she knows something and she is very upset.
The expression on the man's face looks like he has distain for the person he is looking at.
I would be in the worst mood if I had to walk up this hill.
the way this man is grabbing on to that woman's chest
The eyes of the men looks anger it seems something wrong happened.
staring at someone or something makes the feel become angry.
The men are serious, and the soldiers are marching off to war, and everything is orange.
I'm not sure what this is even supposed to be, but it makes me think of anger.
The attack has occurred, and the lifeless body is having nails removed.
The brush strokes in the painting look to have the appearance of anger in them
The artistic image is not very appealing and it does not captivate my attention.
The men are getting overall angry that this poker game is still going on and no one has folded yet.
it appears that a group of people are trying to take the animals belonging to a sleeping woman and it makes me mad
Looking at all the red and white wires everywhere makes me mad.   It looks as if something explosive went off.
All the black on the ground looks like someone has started a fire.   This happens way too often and I hope they catch the firebug.
The man is mad, the colors are dark, and his pose is scary with shadows all around
there is nothing light or positive about this picture as the sky is gloomy and grey, the landscape in the foreground is dark brown and the water looks horrible
It looks like he is drunk and is yelling at someone
people look like they're being crushed in a crowd for transport
the two young boys look very annoyed and irritated as they stand together
It looks the man had an argument with someone so his face is filled with angry.
the artist looks very upset and irritated as he is interrupted while he paints
The two subjects, while seated near each other, appear to be distanced emotionally. The subject in the foreground is clasping her stomach with her face grimaced.
the painter looks very agitated as he works on a piece of art
The glare on the upper left corner makes it hard to see the picture and gives a bad headache to me as I am straining to see the picture.
the three men are very annoyed and angry as they sit together in the living room
The man looks very annoyed. He looks very similar to the emote used to describe how I feel.
Color of the feathery carpet has black and gray shades giving an animal like feel, dark green color for screen and dark red for the table makes no good contrast hence give a anger feel.
The lady has only used a sheet to cover herself instead of a dress. This can lead to rape or the wind can blow the sheet which is unappropriated in the society.
The man is frowning with the vigor of a thousand winds.
the young girl looks away in disgust and impatience of the painter
the feeling of killing a defenseless enemy is an anger in itself
The hands are engaging in a battle across the field in dislplay.
When I see buildings and large castles, I feel mad.   So many people could have homes and food if it was not so elegant.
the men seem to have gone to the door to confront someone in anger
He has an evil, murderous expression on his face.
The man with the scimitar is about to behead the woman kneeling before him. The men behind the executioner look like they do not agree with the action. None of the men intervene in a helpful way. One man clutches his hands in prayer, but maybe he could step forward and stop the execution. It is infuriating to see brave armed men stand by and do nothing.
He appears that he is annoyed that he has been interrupted several times.
the man on the right looks like he is very angry with the woman
This looks like this woman is being spied on by someone
There is a kind of anger in the mans face as he look intensely.
There seems to be some arguments amongst the group of people
The large splotch of red makes it feel angry
The woman's thrust out chin and reddish eyes suggest that she is angry.
a man is incredibly irritated and slams his hand down on the table
The man is filled with anger after he sees that his son did not do his chores.
this woman is quite unapprecitative of the help that she is receiving from her servant
The unfinish look(especially in the mouth of Benjamin Franklin) engenders anger in the viewer due to the American history reference.  Also, Washington appears disinterested and staring off into space.
He looks very grumpy and miserable. Perhaps he’s angry at his partner.
The cruel animal trainer was despised by all those who knew of his methods.
The painting is done very poorly, the cup is not even nor is the pink stand.
the man looks at me as if I have done something wrong
the woman's face is is distaste as she crosses her arms in anger
the woman seems to be confronting the man about his work aggressively
The chaotic energy of the way the colors are randomly applied bothers me.
The red flowers look very run down and with three positioned on one side makes the whole bouquet look off centered.
a woman with a strange hair do appears to have an angry expression on her face
The man in the image looks very angry it seems \something wrong was happened.
the image shows the suffering of christ with his burdened and mistreated expression
It invokes the scarlet letter as she is damned by men while her child is pleading for her.
While the original artwork that elicited positive emotions conveyed beauty, this artwork conveys prudence, order, and obedience which makes me feel angry
This image looks like a person who would indeed be angry, and dictator.
a silly painting that i don't understand the meaning of
the people look to be working hard in a dangerous environment on the edge of a big drop
It seems the cat is disturbing the lady so she is trying o beat the cat it creates anger in my mind.
The man off to the side is holding a knife as though stabbing something.
The man seems a little disgruntled and not happy
red is the color of anger and this deep shade of red gives off an impression of being angry
Cloudy sky is dominated the whole area and the sea also founded dark in color.
the woman seems to have a stiff mouth from her anger
The angry drunk just started a brawl hurt a bunch of people and broke up some furniture
The picture depicts a busy deliberation that has gotten the standing man angry and contemplative. The background is also filled with people and has a dark shadow covering a majority of people.
The man is overwhelmed with anger that his wife doesn’t have his dinner ready for him. When he gets home from work.
the group of warriors stand together ready to fight with their weapons
The young bride is filled with anger after her newlywed husband tells her that he slept with her sister.
The woman looks like she wants to tear her dress off in anger.
She is tapping her fan, waiting impatiently.
The picture shows a handsome man in a suit, he is sitting in the restaurant because I see a plate and a bottle of wine on the table, however his face is not happy, I guess he is not satisfied about something or waiting. someone for a long time in this place. Sometimes I also feel uncomfortable because I have to wait like him.
Frowning face with downward bent upper lip, darkness around the eyes, and the patchy painting creates anger.
the old man dressed in black and holding a weapon seems very irritated
He seems to want revenge over something.
Man riding on a weak donkey all the way down the rocky mountainous path, not concerned about the poor animal's tiredness gives anger feel.
the reddish shades covering the mountain and surrounding areas give off a feeling of anger
The young woman is disgusted with her date that she demands that he leaves her alone.
The gentleman in the painting looks like he’s been given a task that he doesn’t want to do and looks angry as a result.
it looks like these people are tormenting innocent people
It appears as though there has been arguments or discontent amongst these people.
It feels like there is anger and pain here. The music has stopped and there is nothing left to paint. Frustration building within the woman until they sit unable to do anything any more.
The city appears to have a lot of smog.   It makes me angry when I see the climate being affected.
the small houses and unfinished roads remind me of Afghanistan and all the hate there
this is an unusual shape with jagged edges and in a very dark color
The man looks very angry with his eyebrows raised and a terrific look on the face.
The look on his face screams I’m a dictator you will do what I say
Anger within the viewer is enhanced through the poo copy of a "ink blot test" with the paint drips of
a man stares blankly with an angry look on his face
All the yellows seem aggressive.  I would be very uncomfortable being in the middle of it.
And old man with a white beard holds a stone, ready to throw it at someone.
She looks like she just wants to get this painting over with.
With he arms crossed and downward eyebrow, this man looks angry
he has very piercing eyes and scraggly wavy skin and the overall darkness of the background
The man is tied up and appears to be imprisoned and interrogated by the two other man.
The character looks annoyed. The expression on her face is making the mood of this painting very angry and unpleasant.
The girl is angry about something.  Her expression would put me in a very bad mood.
the little girl looks ready to give up on playing the piano
The abundance of swirly lines and mixed blues gives me a headache because it makes the painting hard to focus on just one image.
This art piece seems a bit confusing which brings up anger but only in a small way. It gives off a prism like simplicity that can be reflected from any angle.
It looks like black paint rollered onto a canvas, i fail to see any significance in this, which makes me feel bad.
an older lady is displeased and is sitting all alone dressed in black has her arms crossed
it appears that the woman on the ground is on her knees beseeching the man to accept the baby in the basket. with the sweep of his hand and angry face he seems to be casting the baby aside, possibly in disgust? the woman in the background seems amused, but without context i don't see anything amusing in the painting. the woman is literally on her knees, begging at the feet of this king and he's angrily sweeping her and this innocent baby aside.
The woman doesn't look too happy to be in the picture
The man’s brows depicts that he’s looking to something that he doesn’t like.
the woman is visibly upset standing with her hands on her hips
The image does make me get angry because the people pictured seem to be fighting.
the woman's eyes and eyebrows make her look very angry
The mix of dark and light colors resembles chaos.
it looks like a man trying to tame an angry ocean
looks like the colors you see when your about to be hynotized or something
The man in red looks angry and the lady looks in fear.
he is disturbed, his eyebrows angle downward and he has a scary stare
there seems to be a fight between the two women
The soldiers are coming to take the ladies farm animals and she is very angry.
two men heatedly discuss something and look a bit angry at each other
The water is a dirty brown.    I am angry if the waters have been polluted.
It is found to be heavy heat that reflect on the field and all the grass found to be in grey color..
a commander seems angry when barking out orders to his other soldiers
The way his face is painted makes him look angry so angry that looking at him makes me angry
The man's down turned eyebrows makes him look furious
there is anger and retribution in this brown eyed man he is of fury and rage
The subject looks pissed off, and the reds of his clothes and the background give off a feeling of rage.
a couple of men use bow and arrows to shoot and kill ducks from the sky
The subject is made to toil with endless work.
The reds evoke feelings of angers because of their resemblance to blood.
The person looks others in an angry manner and I can saw angry looks in his eyes.
The man with his smirking expression insinuates power and control.
There is a bunch of smoke and the colors are dark and confusing
The bulls angrily ram their horns menacingly like demons.
The man is trying to attack the woman and she is opposing his attack , found to be anger.
The painting depicts a scene of factories emitting smoke and a few ships sailing on the river. The picture shows factories that are emitting a lot of smoke to the outside, it reflects the economic reality that is making the environment increasingly polluted.
You can see just how annoyed this woman is in the painting. The look on her face looks like shes just fed up with having to sit there while this painting is being done.
The snow looks like it is whipping, thick, and in the middle of a bad storm. The drivers look miserable and no one should be in the snow.
a woman with black hair has an angry look on her face
the man in red looks a bit like osama bin laden
a deep shade of red elicits a strong feeling of anger
The net strewn over the side of the boat looks like it can put sea life in a predicament and stresses me out to see it there.
The man's mean expressions and body language makes me angry seeing him.
a samurai prepares to draw his sword and he has an angry look on his face
The depiction of Jesus being tormented and crucified, though He was innocent, always evokes sadness and anger
The way the lines are drawn to each side and a V in the middle, it makes me feel a big testy.
The character seems like she is in a bad mood. She looks angry hence giving the piece an angry mood.
I would be very unhappy if I had to hike this mountain.   It looks exhausting.
Red in paintings always irritates me.   It's loud and abrasive.
The area are found to be snow and the green trees become white, nothing can found clear.
These two pictures are so similar is color, place and time. Each portrays a muted landscape with an elderly man center stage. Each elderly man is covered by a cloth, one red and one blue, but the first man is content and reading whereas the second man is angry with a raised hand clutching a rock.
the man looks like he is going to strike the woman
The mountains and the sea , there have some people also looking disgust.
this is a woman who is an alchoholic and that woman is doing nothing but enabling her disease
This woman looks like she has to take care of the kids all by herself
The man is going to be killed by the other one with the knife
The man with the whip in his hand seems to be enjoying beating the other guy up.
The baby is the center of attention in the group. I could picture myself at that age, being annoyed with everyone wanting to hold me and talk way too close to my face.
This caricature of a statesman, depicted in 1871, still portrays an accurate caricature of a politician 150 years later. His sly expression betrays sinister intentions; additionally, the hidden hand symbol is also a notorious depiction of deception. The caption makes me chuckle, but also irritates me - however, this is a personal bias, having published my own research on William Gladstone, and feeling quite a close bond to him as a result!
It feels like a picture of a woman has been torn in anger
The steadfast horse makes everything seem urgent and angry.
the man riding on the horse is preparing to throw his spear into someone or something
There is a lot of red coloring which looks like it is dripping with angry emotion. The black part at the top looks like a conscious rip in the red.
The young woman has such an innocent look and the man kneeling appears sinister. He seems to be begging for her innocence which is hers to give, but not his to take or beg for.
The lady pictured in the image holding her stomach seems to be angry.
This lady looks pissed to be posed there for so long; it's probably hot and she's stuck in all those clothes
The woman is angry that a rude man decided to steal her purse while she walking in the shopping district.
I would be so angry if I had to climb that big hill where the livestock are.  Exhausting!
It feels like a picture of a woman that has been torn in anger
The mans posture. He also looks very annoyed.
this young man with white shirt and yellow candle is very sad and angry full of rage and fury
the man looks angry reading his bible with his fist clinched
They both look very angry with each other. Walking in opposite directions
the man looks concerningly at me as if I had done something to him
It looks like there is a battle going on here which makes me feel aggressive and angry.
The background is a very dark gloomy color. The middle is vibrant but I can't tell what it is supposed to be so it makes me angry trying to figure it out.
The woman's black expression looks rather angry as she stares.
The painter has all these different colors and shapes.   The way the shapes are painted makes me mad.
It looks like the brush strokes were applied with anger
The shapes don't make anything interesting to look at. The colors are three different colors and they don't look good together.
The darkness and the way the art is designed perhaps the sharpness on top make me feel anger.
They are staring angrily at each other and look like they are fighting
her facial and body expression looks like she is upset waiting to yell at her husband or lover who may be late right now
The woman in the picture is whipping the naked man as if he were a slave to be punished.
This man's clothing and posture on such elegant furniture show how much privilege he enjoys. His face looks smug and bored.
The image seems to show a woman being sexually and physically abused/violated by three men, including one who is penetrating her. I'm angry and disgusted at the same time.
The red blotch makes me feel uncomfortable and displeased; it is like an angry red face.
The sitting man covered his half of the face with a cap and the face is not clear , It is found anger that he is hiding something.
The man's eyebrows makes this man look furious at this time
Sharp edges, big gap showing it is partitioned and looks like two sets of colors grouped standing against each other, make us angry.
This painting is ugly drawn by the paint artist and makes me so anger.
This woman's expression is imperious and angry, like she is about to issue a decree of death.
I don't understand how this is seen as art with just being mainly a light blue artwork
The mood depicted in this picture is of war and violence. The character seems to be attacking something or someone. It reminds me of apostle Paul in the bible. He used to persecute christians.
The picture shows somewhat disturbed water in glasses which can indicate anger or turmoil which is opposed to amusement depicted by the original painting.
The man is cloaked in darkness and standing ominously as if he is angry and going to do something bad.
The intense color and angle of these eyebrows really send off an angry vibe. The dark colors of his jacket go well with the tone of his eyes.
The man is overwhelmed with anger that he is shackled in a white room.
Frustration grows with how paths are made in the trees.
the different shades of red and orange evoke a feeling of anger
The beautiful angel is angry that the gentleman has died.
the way this woman is forcefully shoving this man's mouth on her pubic region
The man looked others in an angry manner so his eyes looked red.
The image reflects a scene of chaos where there is no order and confusion dominates.
The mean expression on her house makes me angry.
The army man looks angry it seems there is something wrong was happened.
the smoke makes the air look polluted and unhealthy
The woman holding the child looks like she is annoyed with the others.
The man in white in the background looks like he is judging the two women up front harshly.
The naked women look angry based off of their eyes and facial expressions
this man looks like one of those classic early century tycoons that treated his workers poorly
the space is chaotic and the girls posture and expression have no context or meaning
The man in the center of the phot has just exposed the man with the black has as a warlock and has condemned him to death.
the angry woman is jealous of the red woman because she is beautiful
The rigidity in the figure with locked arms and clenched fists looks frustrated and full of rage which I can't help but feel myself when looking at him.
The way the man is sitting in the chair with his arm leaned over really bothers me.
The  area are to find like yellow in color , it is angry to be like the color yellow and hard rocks.
This image is different, and makes me mad because it gives me the feeling of anger by the sketching.
When a child is young they sometimes write on the walls without the family or parents realising. This is a look of chaos, mess and has a feeling of no organisation and ruining of decor.
the woman's body language, looks like this is not consensual because her hand is saying "stop", also the background is very gloomy.
The man is standing on top of a lion that he has slaughtered.
these red streaks look like hot burning lava flowing from the top of the page
The person is exhausted and has to take care of the child
the boy looks disgusted with the old man's playing style
The shape of the colors look angry. The black lines look 'loud' and ragey.
This image looks chaotic and oppressive, like tons of people below (the crowd on the ground) want their voices heard but can't have it
The arched eyebrows of the man and his wrinkled forehead make him look like he is losing his temper.
She looks annoyed that she has to be there.
I feel angry looking at the painting of these two woman because the woman in the blue dress appears to be trying to harm the one in yellow.
The man is staring at me as though is he not happy with me
The woman smoothes her hair aggresively but her face seems to show her anger
a man with a beard looks up in surprise and anger
The woman has a look of anger with the way she is sitting
The lady i exposing the little child.Which can destroy her health
She looks like she just wants to eat her food
a roman man stands on the head of another person as they lay on the ground
The lady pictured in the image is not showing love to the child she is holding.
The man looks angry. No colors give a negative vibe
both the prostitute on the left and the one adjacent to her are frowning and looking quite dour while staring at something that is clearly upsetting them
The looming black clouds seem to suggest an angry sky.
The shadow looks like a massive evil crab, and the trees are cowering away in fear
The picture shows four boys waiting for something, the faces of the four boys look quite depressed and sad. I guess they're waiting for something rather vague and illusory and they're a little bit angry that it hasn't happened yet.
The sun is too bright.   I would be in pain and be irritated trying to see what is ahead.
a fighter pilot is flying and shoots another plane
The circles look sad at the top while the circles on the bottom are happy. They are separated and excluding others.
The woman is overwhelmed with anger that her husband decided to make her look like a fool on the dance floor.
Two people are fighting with each other, and they are angry with dark colors and a lot of red
the way the woman in the purple dress is leaning back as if she can't believe what the other woman said and this has made her very upset and frustrated
The woman looks mad and in troublesome sitting.
the girl doesn't seem to want to sit still as she fusses and fits and cries
Frowning face with wrinkles on forehead, the style and posture, frustrated look, all make us feel angry.
The blurred colors of the painting make it hard to focus on the details.
a very simple artwork that I don't understand how is seen as art
The man is violently playing his guitar and he appears angry
An estranged being is teamed up on with sharp, blunt weapons
Her express makes me mad just to look at her.  She appears mean and snobbish.
The colors chosen in this painting are depressing. The dark tones intensifies this feeling. The heavy layered disorganized painting elicits anger and madness.
the gases going out to the sky makes me think about the global warming problems we face
the soldiers bring a captured prisoner to their leader
The one man in the left corner with a very long white beard, looks like he is being picked on by the other men.
such a deep shade of red gives off a feeling of anger in me
she has that grim look, her angry face makes me angry
he is dressed in black with a red scuffy beard looking angrily into the distance
there is no vibrancy in this picture as the background is dark brown and the forest in the foreground is so dark it is near pitch black
The town is overwhelmed with anger that the government will not send aid to help them.
The woman has her hand on her hip as if she is pissed off.
The red blotch feels like anger exploding on the canvas surrounded by the destruction of everything else.
The rude looking and the angry face gives the emotiuon exactly.
the young child has bright blond hair and a very uninviting look on her face
The nude woman is being hushed into silence or threatened in some way by the man in the image.
a soldier drawing his sword seems angry as he prepares to go to battle
it reminds me of youth but in the background I see indecent acts and that is angering me
The red reveals rage and traits of the monster.
Started as a pretty painting, the black crossed out lines indicate anger at the scene.
The female looks intense and mean.   I feel I would mirror her expressions.
the abrasive brush strokes and chosen colors of black, red, and white are angry
The man standing at the bar is becoming filled with anger on how long it is taking to get his drink.
The subjects' faces are serious and stern and they are facing downward.
This guy looks like Joseph Stalin the Russian Communist dictator right before he purged the all of the Army generals that opposed him.
The two men on the right and left have furrowed eyebrows, and angry expressions at the foolish looking fellow.
Out of all the portraits this guy seems a little malevolent in terms of his expression, the others seem more neutral. This guy seems to be reacting hearing some bad news, I think we left home five minutes ago and I just remembered that I forgot my wallet, so we have to go back this is the sort of look you might get - "Oh my god, you're serious, that's all I need!"
The colors are dark and the off black outline seems rushed with thin and thickly aggressive lines.
the red and the black, opposing each other seem to suggest war and violence.
The woman is rolling her eyes and she stares straight. Her expression shows she is angry about something.
The women is holding something in her hand and looks very angry.
the gaze of the person looks threatening and challenging
the man's red face instills madness and rage in me as well as him
there is a lot of red on his face, he is angled down with anger
The man in this picture appears as very angry or cold.  His brows are drawn down and he is frowning.  His face also has a lot of sharp angles and he seems somewhat jagged.
Endless river are to be found angry that is there have nothing to saw .
the woman looks like she is harassing the other one about how her work isn't good
Getting angry by the behavior of the man, because he tried to insist the women to do work.
The man looks angry and holding a sword in is hand.
Her mouth is covered saying her opinions and speech don't matter. She's being silenced and this makes me angry.
multiple people are being mistreated by being nailed to crosses
It doesn't convey calm and peace at all. Instead of peacefully laying, the second picture seems angry and conflicted.It seems to convey anger and darkness.
The women in the image looks angry it seems something wrong was happened.
the clutter of the objects all in one place upsets me
The lady's cheeks are red in color it seems she is in anger.
The darkness brings about anger and pain.  It seems like there is trouble ahead.
It looks unfriendly, like an eye that scorns the viewer.
The man has a sullen, stern face.   I would be very agitated if I ran into him.
Everything is red and aggressive in the image.   If I had this at home, I would be moody and irritable.
She doesn't look very pleased with the image she is holding
thee man is holding a whip and looks very angry
The continuous stripes, colors, and patterns make me dizzy, confused, and irritated; I cannot make sense of this creation.
the shades in these streaks are incredibly dark and emote a negative vibration
The man seems to be angry and casts the man away
The red background reminds one of blood.it also shows violence due to the gun.
The coat looks like the spoils of the bloody war.
While I appreciate the sharp lines and detail, the woman appears to be absolutely seething.
Typically a parent would be ecstatic to see their child writing, but for some reason the mother couldn't care less
a man colored in dark red, blacks and blues looks very sinful and wicked
the men seem to be arguing over something small as they always do
This painting uses color combinations that make me feel angry
it looks like this woman is taunting that child by keeping that toy bow and arrow set away from him, holding it higher so he can't reach
The soldiers have strong confident poses and they are in the process of hurting people.
The painting has a dark black color at the bottom, The colors looks sloppy and don't mesh well together.
the splashes in the water and billowing smoke suggest the ships are fighting
The man hushing the naked woman looks like he is taking advantage of her.
The man in the image seems to be angry and lonely.
His face looks like he is annoyed to be there.
They way all the people are grouped ion the corner makes it looks like they are being forced to sit there away from others.
the man continues to get screamed at while he works hard
This painting made me feel anger because the child is getting hurt by some strange creature next to her feet.
two armored knights battle with their swords as one stabs the other one in the neck
Four men play instruments together. I could imagine how annoyed I would be to be that close to loud music, as I wouldn't be able to hear myself think.
the looks of disgust on the woman's face upsets me
the lion in the back looks quite upset and is scowling
I think that person is stealing out of the wishing fountain.
the man has been treated terribly by being nailed to the cross
The child here seems uncomfortable and sad which makes me sad. They are outside and naked, bare to the elements at night
the man seems more concerned with everyone else than himself with his eyebrows like that
the woman's body language is negative so someone must have forced her to pose like this
the young lady looks like she is annoyed with the painter and is impatient
The men are feeling anger after they learn their boss decided not to take the new deal.
this woman looks like a tyrannical ruler and her servant to the side looks quite unhappy being there
The beautiful painting is spoiled by some dark black color and it makes so unpretty.
She and her child look very impatient. Child doesn't look happy
the little girl looks upset and fidgety in her chair for the artist
Whereas the original painting is framed straight on and deliberate, this perspective is skewed, the subject is slanted, and it look like she could be caught of guard or annoyed, rather than calm.
he is red in the face with bags under his eyes and he is frowning
The lines on the man's head makes him look angry
the man on his knees is being mistreated with the threat of death
The man's mustache and stern expression reminds me of Hitler.   He was a horrible, horrible person!
disformed face, old fashioned clothing. Medieval warrior times reminds you of a lot of bloodshed, war and fighting.
The face of the man is drawn in such a way as to convey consternation and arrogance to the viewer which is angering.
the man's dark eyes and sharp eyebrows show his anger
The picture is ugly and sloppy, and looks like it was quickly created by someone who is careless and takes no pride in their artwork.
it looks as if someone has been forced in a cave and they won't let him out
The red is like blood and fire and rage.
the rage is very clear with the vibrant red and slash cuts on either side
his brows are furled and he is frowning with anger
The expression on the man's face looks as if he's given the viewer the stink eye.
her eyes are glaring she seems to be mad and uncomfortable
He is looking off to the side with his hands folded and his eyebrows are furled downward.
So many trees have been cut down in the forest.   It makes me uncomfortable seeing them.
The colours are splattered angrily across the canvas like droplets of blood.
people are crowded and it is look like the bees and anger about the crowd.
He looks like he is about to bestow judgement on humanity.
The terrain is difficult.  If someone brought me here to hike, I would be very mad at them.
The colors are so dark and seem like angry colors.
Drunk and not taking care of family
he looks as though he has taken advantage of others to get to his status and i feel like he treated somebody unfairly and didnt care
She does not look to happy on the piano, which makes me think she is being forced to play it
the man seems to be angrily playing the violin at a violent rate
In the area the houses, boats and some cattle's are to be fund messy and the area is not clean, it is seems to be anger.
The red runs the tendencies of anger as it reminds the viewer of blood making it violent.
The photo shows to people fighting shows they are angered with each other
the girl crosses her arms in a defiant manner as she is spoiled
The black and red together makes me think of blood, violence, and scabs.
Servants' are like machine, by the behavior of the woman says like that and she is torturing them.
The hand seems like it's forcing you to do or say something.
A holster in the back delivers a weapon that makes another concerned.
This man has an angry expression on his face, with furrowed eyebrows and stern eyes.
a native american is very agitated as he sits under the shade of a tree
The color looks like sand.   I cannot stand sand because it's too hard to get off.
The man wearing the church close looks like he is looking down on people and it bothers me.
There seems to be aggression in the crowd and could start a riot
The black instrument is boiling and about to set on fire.
Someone has cut down a tree and it makes me aggravated.   No one cleaned up the mess they caused.
the girl looks too concerned with what I am doing and not herself
it looks like the soldiers will ambush this man and kill him
the big pipes appear to be pumping fumes over the green land
the man in the middle is ignoring the advances of the woman in the blue dress
The black and orange color are dominating and it is found to be angry by the black.
Man has a stern upset look on his face.
Wow, these lines, the lips the eyes and the eyebrows all hold anger very well. It comes through immeditietly . The dark pencil lines are deep and angry as well.
The man face is filled with many questions he looks angry.
His posture is very stern and his facial expression is very serious
the black rough lines against the gray are very harsh and forceful
Man looks like he has been waiting for something for a long time and is annoyed
The hairstyle and the face of this person makes me feel angry
This gentleman seems to be expressing a bit of anger
Due to concrete, I always get frustrated with trees that are dying because of it.
The people are dropping many waste on the shore it creates anger in my mind.
The way the paint is violently and randomly splattered on the image angers me.
The man grips the top of the cane in an angry fashion
the men seem to be declaring war to the people they reside over
this gentleman with a military background looks sad and full of rage and fury
The man's eyebrows look to belong to a very angry person
This person looks really entitled and living a life I probably won't get to live
There is no path of the way so it's very difficult to our travel. So this time is very anger to travel and place.
The spats of paint seems like someone's anger being throw onto them.
THE SMILE ON THE FACE WHILE HE'S HOLDING A HEAD, THE ALMOST DANCING WAY HE'S STANDING
The plants are ugly, and their black colors clash with the rest of the painting.
a woman in a black dress has an angry look on her face
Anger is perhaps an overstatement but there certainly is a negative energy in this painting... it seems to come from the darkness beginning in the lower right corner.
The dense and the bright shade makes me angry.
The people are elitist by the way they dress.
The sitting man has a stern look on his face that might be anger.
The man in the painting looks very scornful, partially due to his hood covering his face which also makes him look ominous.
The man's face looks so mean and dark.    I get irritated just watching him.
They both look like they are angry with whatever they are looking at.
So frustrating to see Mother Nature defiled by a man's action of a path.
The hand is cupped like the person is angry and making a strangling motion
The room looks very merry.  Items are just stacked in the corner.   Scenes like this aggravate me.
From a closer view this image does not look so angry but frustrated, the further from the picture you get the more angry the person looks.
all the colors streaking down are a very dark shade of that color
This looks like someone that looks down on people he does not think are as smart as him
It represent lightning to me, bold and straight lines.
the fact that this picture is nearly completely black and the violet on the side is of a darker shade, this picture only exudes negativity
the three men have an evil face like they are about to do something evil
this woman looks like she is not fully appreciated by this brute of a husband
Her body posture and the look on her face seems like she is annoyed.
I am always frustrated at humans for making paths through Mother Nature.
The man being shown here looks to be very angry, my own expression started to mimic his as i was looking at it.
red is the color of anger and this deep shade evokes an angry feeling
a deep bright shade of red elicits a feeling of anger
The man's creases makes him look a very angry person
A pure version of evils triumph over good.
The man in the foreground has a furrowed eyebrow and an angry appearance.
the man on the left looks like he is assaulting that woman inappropriately
The red trees and bushes look like fire that is about to spread across the field.
this man looks like he is writing a letter of complaint to a department store or a congressman, he gives me the feeling like he is just a useless busybody
The expression looks evil and angry, sitting down mad.
The woman's mouth is tight and gaze hard. She look fuming
the man's facial expressions say that he is very infuriated
the woman's eyes makes her seem very angry
Red indicates anger, the many faces are her many attitudes.
His left squinty eye and his lips. The colors are all over the place which I dont care for
This woman seems to be trying to get away from this man forcing himself on her.
A person is being mauled while a bull covered in blood has been stabbed
The image triggers childhood memories, negative colours and shapes used which give an uneasy atmospehere.
Looking at a room that is mostly red makes me feel angry.
The man's facial expression looks angry, the way his brow is creased, shows anger
The man in image looks angry and avoiding talking to others.
The woman seems pregnant and should not have to be doing labor while going through pregnancy
3 different shades of red down the middle gives off a sense of anger
with all the buildings drawn in a circular manner, it is very chaotic and quite disconcerting
I am very angry and horrified to see whale parts and details in this pitcture. It is a horrible thing we have done to the ocean and the act itself can in no way be shown as something amusing or happy. The red near the whale looks like  blood which really drives the feeling of death in.
A picture of a man forcing a woman into sex looks horrible.
The cabinet appears to have an optical illusion, where it is see through and it makes it hard to stare at this piece of furniture properly.
The blurriness of the painting makes it annoying to stare at as trying to decipher what the little details are that are there.
the jagged dark patterns hiding in the dark blue shade
The man looks like he ready to fight. There is a deep seated anger there.
Looks possibly annoyed that he has been posing for too long
red and black are aggressive, violent colors to me subjectively
Both of these women have facial expression that make me think they are judging me.
The character looks angry. The gun on his hand looks like it has been shot as well because of the smoke just above it. He is regretting it maybe.
The man in this painting appears to be angry or discontent.
There seems to be a chaos of horrible and violent things throughout the image.
The man looks very disinterested in their current conversation.
this woman is sleeping naked on the grass on a public park
The woman is tied and is not in a good shape. The woman seems to be tortured and does not dress. This creates anger for seeing the woman in bad shape.
The boy trying to steal the chain from the lady's neck while she is asleep seems like betrayal and hence gives anger feel.
They both seem frustrated or angry with one another.
these naked women who were clearly ready for an orgy are upset that no one else showed up
The man with curly hair and his hands clasped, has a stern look on his face, giving the impression that he is angry.
the background of this picture is sky black and gives of a negative emotion
the man looks upset with someone but he should be upset with himself
it appears chaotic as people are arguing, fighting, and are angry with each other
The boy with the black hair looks aggravated.   I have the same reaction when I see others irritable.
the woman's nose is extremely dirty as she lights up her cigarette
The man stopped writing, it seems someone had interrupted him so he looks angry.
The child is taking care of the adult, when it should be the other way around. No child should have to do this.
the man's eyes show the anger that he is feeling
The brows and the eyes of the man make him look angry
the woman's eyes show she is not happy with the food
This is just a picture of a blue wall and I do not see it as actual art
While the painting is well colored and drawn the emphasis on the sexual characteristics of the woman is disconcerting.
I feel angry. One man killed some person this make me feel angry.
The two animals are fighting and they seem like enemies.
The man in the armor looks like he is getting ready to hurt someone with the weapon
that animel look like so tierd that was so poor
The background of the painting is dark, and the people in the scene do not look joyful and appear to be arguing.
A man has his armed wrapped around a woman, who does not appear to be enjoying the attention. He should back off.
While this may seem edgy, to me it is annoying and disruptive to my thoughts.  It practically gives me a headache.
The paint strokes in the painting feel quick and rushed and done out of anger.
There was some wrong thing was happened so the person in the image looks very angry.
The woman looks very angry at someone who is standing above her.
The man standing looks like he is displeased with the man beside the woman.
This painting is just a black box and it angers me because it is not real art
Red is an international color language for anger
The thick black eyebrows make him seem angry
This man's intense huge glaring eyes just make him look furious with immense hatred.
The picture is beautifully made. The color and the details are well done. The action of this man is disrespectful and it evokes anger.The ski coming in is dark and the dark atmosphere looming over in this painting is dark and feels gloomy.
This cat is poorly painted and it angers me
A wealthy man sits in leisure as others suffer outside. Yeah, that makes me angry.
The risqué subject matter of the painting is uncomfortable and a little annoying.
The women on the painting are very selfish, all of them to much concentrating on them self's.
the woman looks very annoyed with even the smallest complications
The man looks to be angry with the squinting eyes
The stark black and white makes me think of inflexible rigid thinkers, like bigots.
The lined style of the face makes him look mad
THE COLOERS ARE DARK AND THE REPETATIVE PATERN IS ANNOYING TO VIEW
The man in the painting seems unhappy and a little angry. He is frowning and his lips are tightly closed.
The black and red color combination gives an angry look to the image on the canvas.
the man's eyes and beard make him look an angry person
the subjects in this painting look like they are having an argument
the people are being tortured by being nailed to a cross
The man seesto be fuming with the black eyes
While the first image feels like a sunset, giving positive feelings, the second image feels angry with red and pink and the dark left hand corner.
This looks like a bunch of unnamed and faceless women.  Women being treated as property instead of beautifully.
The painting is of two fighting boys. It is very well detailed. It stands out.The mood of this painting is anger.
The eyebrows are tilted downward and his lips are puckered up.
The bright red square against the lighter red background and bright white square give one a sense of anger.
The colors are very loud. The orange and yellow contrast and that makes the painting look very busy and bright. It is frustrating to look at it.
This is just a picture of a red plank leaning on a white wall and it do not think it is good art
The dense rectangle surrounded in deeper tones of red give a sense of anger.
While I don't know the origin of this image, the two-headed eagle evokes memories of Nazi Germany, the Austro-Hungarian Empire and other dictatorships. It is difficult and unfortunate, as I know this symbol is found elsewhere, but it is a strong association for me and many other people.
The artist use very dark colors like orange and portrayed his emotions by splattering all the paint on the canvas.
the man looks up and away in anger and disdain
This man seems displeased and angsty in his chair having his painting made.
The mans fist shows that he is very angry
This painting dims all sense of hope, and is foreboding of darkness, the rage is taking over, and leading to the void.
the red is overly aggressive and is covering up the rest of the colors that could be displayed
This painting is just of white lines on a chalk board and it makes me angry because it is bad art
The godlike being is showing his wrath with smoke coming from his hands.
it exudes gluttony. the yellow and red are like happiness and anger combined
The religious man appears to be persecuting the soul of this possessed person with onlookers who are in on the deed
a young girl stands on the cliff overlooking the water with an irate look on her face
The character looks very angry. He is also very malnourished and you can see his ribs. His fingers and body looks dirty. This is frustrating to look at.
This man looks evil and rude and has some danger in his eyes.
Lavishly dressed woman appears disinterested in her status and place in society.
The woman is being sexually assaulted by three men.  This makes me furious because she is unable to protect herself, nobody is around to help her, and these three coward men think they can do whatever they want to this poor woman.
The man's eyes are lack with the fury he feels
A machine gun is firing lethal bullets at unseen soliders.
the boy on the left looks like he is pouting as usual
I am angry because this painting shows almost a complete transition to a grey existence void of happiness; its been stripped of life.
The woman’s crossed arms and pursed lips gives a sense of anger.
The use of dark red brings of feelings of anger.
The knife indicates violence in the thoughts of the man and his rage.
The way the man is wearing his eyeglasses makes him look like he's resentful.
The man's lips are frowning and his eyes hold a hint of disapproval.
It feels like the image is yelling at me and portrays the emotion of anger with words coming out of the mouth.
The man is gesticulating with a look of anger
The deep red and black rectangles give off a feeling of doom and anger.
The image seems chaotic and a man in the image looks angered.
Instead of being a view from the outside in the warm sunlight, it shows someone leaving you alone in the dark and going up above you. I feel like she thinks she is above me, and that is why she is leaving me alone, as if I am unworthy.
The eyes of the woman look to be angry
The red color streaming down the paper gives a feeling of violence in the midst of the calming blue background.
the dark eyes and brows make him angry
a group of soldiers march in order and prepare for a battle
I'm mad because I have been alone for so long and this picture shows two people being intimate.
this interpret women in an awful way, i find this very offensive
Painting is not understandable, looks like an entrance resembling an instrument is broke open which is not clear understandable, so gives an anger feel.
The woman looks like she can't have any privacy to change her clothes and people are constantly opening the door while she is trying to change.
this blank red pallet makes me angry at the world
everything is red like blood and chaos in the world
Obese men are usually in power and mean and always angry.
the women was looking at something deeply and it gives a sense of anger
the woman looks sad and withdrawn like she has just been abused by the man
There is a strength of anger coming from the reds
the man is looking at his wife like he is about to hit her
the man's face is showing a lot of anger and spite for battle
the way the lip is positioned and the facial expression makes it seem like the person is snooty and doesn't care.
Upon gazing at the disorder of the lines one feels angry.
This makes me angry, depicting this woman as if she’s simply an object of entertainment for this seemingly powerful man. As if she’s only worthy because she brings a sense of pleasure to him, he can’t even be bothered with her unless she’s doing something for his benefit.
Nothing clear in this painting and makes me more angry and disappoinment to see this.
The splatter of dark paint over the deliberate colorful strokes gives one a sense of anger.
The characters in the painting appear to be angry with one another, especially the man with the woman.
The women look to be angry with each other due to the eyes
This image feels like the color opposite of the provided image and the red portrays anger.
The small woman in white looks annoyed at the taller woman.
the man seems to be  angry about being interrupted
The man shows in his face and eyes that he is displeased.
Anger and Frustration. Smoking is so bad for you and the horse is breathing in that smoke
Slapping the stick in his hand and his eyebrows make him look like he wants to hurt someone.
The dark, geometric shapes give a feeling of encompassing anger.
This painting has an overpowering color of red that is just in your face
A painting is more than plain color and a single shape, so this feels like an insult to fine art and engenders anger!
It looks like they messed up the American flag, which is disrespectful
His face tells the story of someone who has been through a lot in life.
the man's frown and eyes show he is angry
some of the men have been horribly mistreated and are being hurt
a boxer is angry and ready to fight someone
The soldiers are trying to hit the poor people they looks pity it creates anger in my mind.
The person’s eyes are full of hatred and the circle of thorns looks menacing.
the man has been treated terribly and has been hung up on a cross
The mans furrowed brow and open mouth seem like he is yelling and angry.
The looks very angry and ready to kill.
A dark and dreary place depicts anger and even a little scarey.
The bright red color scheme and the angry eyes.
The red gives a violent overtone to the image .
the man looks away in all his fat and looks upset with something
it looks like they are about to kill two innocent women
The man has a very grumpy tone to his face and makes the viewer react similarly.
The frown on this guy's face and the way his fist is balled up suggests that this guy is angry.
the eyes and mouth of the man show his anger
The colors are pure anger and darkness. Black is revenge and yellow is anxiety, the red behind is the bloodshed that are a result of said emotions.
The emphasis on the nudity of the two female subjects distracts from the colorful and spirited painting which is infuriating.
It looks like a religious war with one side as Christians. The dark colors contrast sharply with the light ones forcing tension into the scene.
A man with a displeased look with a very dark overtone with red all around him looks very angry
Dominating brown color, and the lady like part of the painting give an impression of fight situation and hence the anger feel.
the dark red reminds me of all the anger in the world
It make me mad because it doesn't show a woman being adored and loved. This painting is making a woman seem as a sex symbol instead of looking at her out of love and compassion.
the boy looks sideways angrily at me as if he wants to fight me
the man looks to be tempering his anger and barely shows it
The cool tones of the painting along with the woman’s crossed arms and furrowed brow give a sense of anger.
The Man in the painting is scowling very hard, it puts off the aura of anger.
the dark arched eyebrows make it seem like the person is angry and disgusted and looks like he's superior to everyone
The woman looks angry while she is holding a book.
it looks like the man is attacking the innocent man with a weapon
There is a fair amount of splatter all over the painting, which gives the impression that the artist was angry as they put the paint on the canvas.
The man shaking his fist in a threatening manner to another man who is already in a horrific state brings anger and rage.
the red color is maddening and it looks like an explosion of chaos
The hard dark lines accentuates the man's angry eyes
the man looks wealthy but is still mad about small problems
Man looks like he is ready to start a war.
His narrowed eyes and pointed nose make for a very judgemental face that I'd like to punch
The mans expression looks to be clearly annoyed or angry
The color scheme of this painting invokes rage in me, the way that the paint was applied seems somewhat aggressive.
The woman’s crossed arms and direct stare give a sense of anger.
This lady seems to be angry with something which are depicted by the eyes
the little girl has so much anger in her face and it is obvious
The person in the portrait has creased eyebrows and tight lips. She looks very serious and angry.
the man is looking at me as if I did something wrong
This is annoying to look at. There are just two lines that are not straight or even complete.
This man looks like he is slightly annoyed or disturbed by something
The conversation looks distasteful.  The guy with white seems to be trying to convince the guy of something and he doesn't seem to agree.
I don't like how a bunch of servants are fawning over an overly-privileged woman.
Man prepared to fight with boxing gloves on and a serpent leg.
The furrowed brow and red face of the man leads to a feeling of anger.
the mans pose and uniform makes him look a snooty member of society
the woman has surrounded herself with hate and now has no personality
The way the man in pointing and his lips are pursed together gives one a sense of anger.
The man holding the black hat looks irritated and mad at the woman.
The tall yellow angelic man is attacking the man in blue and green.
The dark red color invokes feelings of anger
The strokes and drops of paint upon the canvas give a sense of hurried anger.
The items on the table are broken, as if they had been done so on purpose.
The man's expression gives off hint of disarrange and unsettling agitation with his daunt eyes just staring with the help of his thick angry brows.
These trees look like they need someone to take better care of them
This poor animal was stolen from its natural home, was killed and is now awkwardly displayed in a humiliating manner, which is infuriating.
two soldiers stand ready to attack in front of a large buidling
the man looks very angry and upset, disgusted even
The dark black and red shapes in juxtaposition too one another give a sense of anger.
aggressive colors bold lines blood stripes rough edges
A drunken man painting graffiti on a businesses wall. No respect for others property.
The man's expression on this man makes the mood of this drawing to be anger. The details on it are beautiful and well drawn.
The intense and disapproving look the woman is emoting on her face is annoying to look at.
This looks like Russia.   I despise community countries.
The man is angry and he has a plan of his own that could be bad.
His face and demeanor looks menacing, which is why it made me angry
the man's eyebrows are raised as if he is upset or angry about something
The gentleman’s crossed arms and down turned eyes give one a sense of anger.
the dark black and blue makes it look dark cold and uninviting
The red is an angry slash across the paper, it looks like a smear of blood.
the two men are arguing with each other over something petty
This image reminds me of people arguing, the one standing on the chair trying to hammer home his point while the other person trying to rebut him albeit failing to do so. It feels angry and heated.
the colors all mixed together look like a mess and unappealing to look at
The painting has an uneven line that goes across the surface. It is not even and a little rough. It makes me angry to look at that due to its unevenness.
Man looks upset at the woman, with children sleeping on the ground.
The two figures in this painting look to be in battle with one another. The texture is gritty and their postures show they are ready to attack one another.
Looks like the men are taking advantage of the naked women and looking to do harm/molest her
it angers me that  the man is raising his hand to strike the defenseless man
it's horrible to a see a man treated like this, being tortured to death
This looks as if it was painted by someone who was angry, someone who needed to blow off steam through their paintbrush. That anger is transferred to me while looking at this, almost being able to feel the feelings the artist did.
The people at the window are trying to steal something that is laying on the bed while the man sitting on the bed is lost in thought and not paying attention.
the man has an ugly smirk on his face that I want to punch
The woman looks to have an angry face due to the eyes
The man looks angry, looks like he is cursing someone in his mind.
This is a anger evoking drawing of two men beating another man. The men have the nazi symbols on their sleeve. This evokes a lot of anger because of that.
the lines are cluttered and chaotic and it makes the artwork feel jumbled and angry
The hawkish politician looked for any opportunity to lead his country into war.
The white eye and nose of the orange image make it look irritable.
the boy looks really annoying like he is about to do some stupid stuff
red is usually used to express anger or something intense, so this being all red definitely makes the viewer feel the intensity of the angry emotion
THE MAN LOOKS TO BE POKING AT A SMALL DEFENSELESS ANIMAL WITH HIS CANE
The mans eyes show the anger he is feeling
There is a sense of anger in the pursed lips and bulging eyes of the child.
the colors are dark and dreary the stance of people look uncomfortable
The squinty eyes, sharp teeth and dark colors give one a sense of anger.
There seems to be aggression and violence here
The woman looks mad as she tries to stop the vehicle from running over her and the baby.
The bright white in contrast with the red gives a sense of anger.
The raised arm of the figure gives a sense of anger along with the dark color and tone.
a strong feeling of being upset or annoyed because of something wrong or bad the feeling that makes someone want to hurt other people to shout
The bald man in the painting looks very angry and he makes me angry
The blue colors resemble high waves of a horrific hurricane.
The man seems in the middle right seems to be angry
This painting looks only white in color and nothing different in this painting. That makes me angry.
Anger for the separation of colors, almost as our world is separated due to race.
A;; the other rows have a pair, they have balance. But this one is solitary. It has no light to balance the darkness.
The person in the second painting looks like she is about to do something horrible
The person looks as if they have anger in their eyes.
they use mostly black and white, with bold strokes to invoke a darker, more intense mood
The shade of yellow makes it look like fire and brings anger within me.
The scribbled lines make it frustrating to make out the subject and its message, enough to drive the viewer to madness.
The jagged corners of the paper being cut out looks like somebody wasting and ruining a good sheet of paper that was supposed to be part of an artwork
The black hard lines makesd the man look angry
This painting has an angry mood. The character looks angry. His demeanor is off putting.
The man on the right has a furrowed brow and open mouth, giving a sense of anger.
the way the man is hunched over and looks like he is angry
The man looks displaced as he walks using a big pole.
The larger man looks like he is intimidating the woman. He does not look kind and it infuriates me.
these look like two wiener dogs and the eyes look angry because the eyebrows are touching the eyes. Angry looking at each other.
Those raised eyebrows and dark shades used in the picture shows anger.
The woman’s crossed arms and furrowed brows give a sense of anger.
the woman looks straight as if she is mad
This man looks uptight like an angry villainous figure of sort.
The man's eyebrows makes him look very angry
His facial expression is radiating a lot of anger
there are very dark and cloudy skies hovering over a desolate plain with that sole house, there is nothing positive in this picture
Two groups of men are warring against the other in rage.
The figure in this painting looks very vengeful and the color is very heavy
There is a lot of loudness with this painting. It is very loud with the paint strokes and it evokes anger. It looks a mess.
The fact that this guy is either having to defend his nation, is a mercenary, or is the aggressor of a war, it makes me angry I wish we didn't have to have war that wasn't a game with no casualties, plus he's using cloud animals which is cheating
A group of individuals is beating a bound man for no reason in particular.
The woman in the white looks like she’s laughing and happy about kicking her leg up at the maid and not even feeling bad that she is kicking the maid
There appears to be some discord happening within in this church. People have weapons drawn and the crowd is split forcefully.
the little girl toddler looks quite agitated and not happy
The man looks irritated about getting out of bed.
The man is t another man on the floor bleeding.
the man is pouting next to the tree in his rich palace
The man looks very angry like he heard some bad news or something bad happened.
Looks strong and rude with the people and makes me angry towards him.
The man holding the knife is trying to harm the man who was presumably resting in the bed. The defender looks angry as he tries to stop the attacker.
a man appears to have burst in the room and the woman looks terrified
The bright red colors resemble blood and give off a negative vibe
There seems to be two sides and angry at each other
The squinty eyes and smirk on the mans face give a sense of anger.
the man has a smug look on his face and the white suit makes him look like he is royalty and stuck up
The woman in the painting appears angry, as her lips are pursed and she seems to be hearing something that is angering her.
the man has been mistreated and nailed to a cross, not only killing him but distressing the other people
There is a sense of anger in the blue tone of the figure’s face on the left and the contrasting red of the figure to the right.
This looks more like the canvas the artist tested out the paint colors on
The one's on the right seem to carry an anger to their mouths
the man looks so concerned and mad at the artist
The wild eyes on this man are piercing with obvious irritation and conviction that enthralls tension to the viewer.
The painting looks as if it was painted heavily (as when you're hitting the object hard with your paintbrush when angry).
Faces are twisted in anger and some figures are bowed as if shamed. The amount of dark in the art is also oppressive.
The man in the hat looks like he is yelling at the woman
the angry men tried to save the naked woman from the naked man that was attacking her.
The art is annoying to look at the man is colored over and it makes it hard to see him. It is a painting that evokes anger.
This painting is just a brown box and it angers me because it is not real art
The bare nature of the painting is so angry all the subjects looks annoyed
Man with a vessel trying hard to hit the other person who is screeching, when older people are there creates anger on that person.
All the dark colors are irritating.    I do not like offensive dark colors in images.
the man is holding the plant away from the woman teasing her
It seems some wrong thing was happened so the man face is filled with anger.
The mere thought of this man's resemblance of Hitler makes me mad.
The colors in the painting are bold and appear to be thrown haphazardly on the canvas.
The ornately dressed woman looks haughty and aloof, like the kind of person who would tell the poor to eat cake.
By today's standards, anger is engendered in the depiction of God as dark & mysterious floating presence needing angelic help to get around. Angels evidently have childhoods!
The black hat makes the young man looks angry and ready to be confrontational.
The blood red mouth and the sharp eyes make him look fuming
The wyes looks as though they are squinted and looks angry
All the dark hues sloppily painted makes me very annoyed.
The man seems very sad and or angry to me the black and white pencil look is strange
The black animals in the midst of the plants look like they're ready to attack.
This just looks like a picture of a tablecloth and I do not see it as good art
Black used in the painting represents a dark place.
The cluster of boats located on the lower right-hand corner of the painting makes me feel angry.
The dark colors and the placement of the lines makes me feel anger
I sense anger from his eyes and the way he clinch his hankerchief. His cape also seems to be hiding something within. I feel like he is a man that cannot be trusted.
In this painting he gives a very angry look so scary to look at
The man looks like he is trying to take the baby away from the lady holding it
the photo of a woman has been ripped apart through anger
This painting angers me because it is just gray lines and is not real art
the man looks very angry and upset with the missing eyes
thee deep lines and the mouth show him being angry
a man in the wild is getting ready to beat an animal with a weapon
Stearn and ugly, he looks to be some despot or enemy
The woman has an expression that looks as if she is looking at me with disdain. The bracelet on her arm is sharp and severe. She has a haughty and superior aire.
The piece is of a man who looks like is shouting. His eyes are angry looking. The background creates a dark mood around hime as well.
the red and black are infuriating together and demonstrate revenge
This woman is angry glaring out her window with her furrowed brow expression.
This man appears to be a criminal as if posing for a mugshot.
This man is giving off very judgmental emotions to the viewer
This is one that is both beautiful and chaotic. The chaos is what brings out the anger, it’s as if I can feel it coming off the image.
The man looks anger because he is trying to attack the opposite team.
The bold red and blue lines give a sense of anger and entrapment as if being caged in.
The bishop in red robes scowls at the young lady across from him with much distaste.
The colored bars remind me of the bars the TV would display when there was an interruption in programming, but these colors are bolder and darker and meaner
An evil man appears to be poisoning the nearby drink in a sinister act.
He looks very wealthy and stupid that makes me angry.
three people drinking cocktails and dressed up are looking very irritated and unplesased
the old man with white hair seems very annoyed as he sits in the chair and has his head turned away
The man's creased face shows a deep anger in him
The man sitting next to the woman looks like he's angry, while another man removes his sword.
the little girl sits there unladylike as if she is protesting this
The furrowed brow and squinty eyes of the man give a sense of anger.
the red of the room and the disorganization makes me rather upset
The expression on this man's face bothers me, he seems displeased with the person painting him and his life in general.
The woman in the picture looks angry about something.
The poor rendition of Japanese block print style, Cubism and Pop Art engenders anger in the knowledgeable observer. This is a child-like art insult!
the stop sign looking shape reminds me of bad things in life
The lines on the man's forehead make him look angry
The man looks cruel and evil and creates a angry feel towards all.
the colors and dull and the way everything is tangled up makes me feel uneasy
It's almost like a tunnel to hell, the black and red contrast are dark and gloomy
This color red infuriates me and the dark blacker tones of red look evil.
The red nature of the paining invokes the feeling of anger
It looks like they are carrying an unconscious or dead women. They people looks very devious
The sharp dark eyes of the man look to be angry
There is just something about that woman that I do not trust. She gives off a certain feeling.
the girl on the wall looks as if she is judging me
the black and white images look like they are fighting
the little boy looks at the artist as if annoyed
it looks like there is a lot of chaos going on as the man stops on someone at the top
the red of the painting controls my emotions and turn it into anger
The man putting on white cloth is being ridiculed by the men on black cloth.
the man has a look of wild anger in his face
there is nothing in this picture and it is like an empty painting that makes me angry.
the man looks angry upset and even confused
It is infuriating to see how the mother is exhausted. The painting is beautiful but she looks very angry.
the combination of red and yellow shadowing can be perceived as disturbing by the viewer
the bigger man has got his hands around the throat of the smaller man and the smaller mans leg looks twisted
the man looks like he is about to say some sarcastic comment
A scowl on his face and disgust at being there
This painting angers me due to the cat 1) being on the table, 2) about to get our dinner before we cook it.
the man looks like he is angrily playing the violin out of spite
the woman's posture makes her look like she is angry with the world around her
The people in this picture look sad and angry.
The expressions on the man and the woman make it appear like they are arguing with one another.
They look trapped inside and that is a very unpleasant situation
The man looks angry in the painting.
The furrowed brow of the gentleman leads one to feel a sense of anger.
Their overly arched backs with scythes in hand, brings forth anger towards the hardships of life.
The pattern on the painting looks like broken glass, which someone may have done out of anger.
The person in the sculpture looks like they are screaming.
The long and messy faces of the people makes the trio look angry
This man's face looks something uneasy and different and cruel to see him.
a young navy sailor looks very annoyed as he tries to read a book
The man looks furious due to the eyebrows and dark eyes
the redness surrounds the blue like anger surrounding the depression
the colors resemble a bruise or blood of a person
The arched eyebrows and cold stare of the gentleman's gaze makes him look immensely irate.
The anger and rage of the black and red blocks are felt by their size and placement in the image.
the curl lines without an end ,the colorless image shows an impression of disgust and anger in it
This scene will certainly awaken feelings of anger. Especially these days when violence against women is at the forefront of crime fighting around the World..
it looks like a fight has just broken out in the bar
The king in the painting is screaming appears angry and like he is giving an order to his subjects that they do not approve of.
The man looks angry as he is standing and holding a long sword.
The red color and enclosed squares reminds me of anger
The combination of the colors used in the painting overwhelms me
The sharp lines invoke a feeling of anger
This man looks like he has lived a life of privilege and has never had to worry about anything
the woman shows a lot of anger and disgust on her face which triggers my anger
The red and black colors looks like rage and darkness.
The man in the darkness looks to be angry
The man looks to be angry about something
the queen looks so upset with her face and her ugly frown
the animals seem angry and are taking on a fight, while the white horse seems to be already dead
There are too many objects which I want to break inside of the cabinet.
The overwhelming red elements immediately invoke a sense of anger, and the stark contrast with the lighter pale colors gives an uneasy feeling. There appears to be a yellow eye on the center figure which comes off unnatural and adds to the overall chaos of the painting
I don't like the look that this man is giving to me and this is infuriating.
The line that cuts across the painting is not aligned properly which is actually annoying.
Nothing clear in this picture and uneasy to see this. makes me more angry and disgusting.
The figure in the painting looks like a serpent and really mad.
This woman doesn't look happy.  The look on her face and the way she is holding her hands makes her look uncomfortable.
Wrinkles on the forehead and on the cheeks and chin, grim face, sharp looking shrunk eyes, stubborn posture make us angry.
it looks like someone is climbing in his window and the man is defending himself
The paper looks like its been angrily torn by someone intent on destroying art.
the castle looks like an evil empire ruled by a wicked king
The man looks very angry due to the brow and eyes
The deep furrowed indent of the man's brow with his harsh eyes makes him appear gravely agitated.
The man face is filled with anger on seeing something.
The painting has a very messy mood. It has a lot going on and has nothing is specific to focus on. It is frustrating to look at it.
Nothing clear in this picture and makes me more angry and more irritating.
It's like spattered blood on a child's painting.
The place looks cluttered making the viewer angry as they do not clean after themselves instead they collect trash to burden life making this a angry painting.
The colors are dark and look scribbled on the canvas like the artist did this in an angry way.
the powerful man is pointing a finger while showing an angry face
Out of all of them this one is the most like winter time. Winter time is cold and I do not like cold. Even more anger since the other images were mostly of summer time
the man looks to be trying to kill a woman and an angel
The angular eyes and open mouth showing teeth gives one a sense of anger.
The woman's eyes show her level on anger
The person depicted here seems very angry the colors are very dark as well
the little girl looks tired and upset about the work
that man fighting with another man and the another man was looks so poor
There appears to be a debate amongst the subjects of the painting. They are reading books and look inquisitive, trying to find the right answers.
This man looks very angry.  The red spotting on his face makes it looks worse.  It looks like it could be bruising.
The black suit and dark background make the man look enraged inwardly.
she looks angry about something and is getting revenge soon
the woman has a puffy self-important face and a smalll pinched mouth
the man looks at the woman very angrily as she clutches her baby
All the colored paint seems to be on rocks.    It looks like children painted the walls or rocks.
Although the colors are bright, the use of symmetry and splatter elicit anger and excitement
the face expressions of the cat and fox ,the fearful faces of the mice's shows an impression of fear and anger
The clothing the boy wears is strange and his expression makes me want to hit him
Because the person shows angry emotion in his face like he was disturbed in middle of his work.
the man on the right seems to be looking at the woman like she is crazy
The highlighted figure is draped in wealth and the figure kneeling in front of her, shadowed to the point of no recognition makes her seem like a servant.
The darkening green shapes move towards a deep red, giving a sense of building anger.
The lines under his eyes, on his forehead, and the frown look angry or upset.
A simple circle drawn well on canvas isn't a worthwhile effort.
~there is evident anger with the man shaking his fist
The man's hair above his eyebrows and on his face make him look enraged.
It is very displeasing to see this. The uneven boxes and items are evoking emotions of anger. The colors do not go well together.
The painting has some really harsh expression.The red round face like circles look angry. They look mad.
the lack of central colors in the middle gives off a sense of "what's the point?". I'm angry that there isn't more color that matches the vibrant colors on the outside
the man looks down at the painter as he is upset
the woman on the left looks like she is being taken advantage of
The hard scored marks make it seem as if it was done by someone in anger
Man wielding sword is about to strike a praying woman.
The deep red shape feels like someone yelling STOP in an angry manner.
all the objects in the room are disorganized as if someone trashed it
It seems like she is lost and angry on something.
the tones are dark and drab and the woman's face seems angry or hostile
his eyes are dark with wrinkles in his eye brows
The drawing is that of an angry old man. This makes the drawing have an angry mood.
The slight tilt of the head with downed eyebrows and beady eyes.
her facial expression looks suspicious she seems to not be happy I feel concerned looking at this painting
The man looks irritated and displeased as he is walking with a paper in hand.
the red lines are angry and surrounded in blackness
the fear in the main figure's face contrasts his betrayal and the violence of the soldiers
The darkness, color and tone of the image portray anger.
The arrows are symbolic to forced truth, resulting in anger.
The amount of back scribbles to for the face is enough to drive a man to madness.
I can't tell if I feel like it is a mean couple who is mad at each other or a king and a peasant. Either way they look mad
The woman's black eyes look cold and the black background makes her look resentful.
the man looks upset and angry as he doesn't want his portrait done
I feel negatively about this image because I do not like the concept of a king ruling over people.
the man looks down as if he has some anger in him
The red and pink here seems very dark it reminds me of blood honestly
The man's hand in his pocket and his eyes look as though he is upset.
The position of his brows and the tense lines of his face make it seem as though he is looking at something that fills him with quiet anger.
This man has evil in his eyes and cruel in his thoughts makes me more angry
The dense, black lines against the bright red shapes gives a feeling of anger.
The bare clothes and blue skin of the woman in tandem with the way her body is posed is meant to be sexually tantalizing which is annoying.
The painting made me feel anger because it reveals a cold nature.
The figure has a scowl while sitting in the shadows and the red figure contrasts with the blue giving a sense of anger.
The non-shaded read parts of this background looks like the part of a printer that has skipped and is causing bad printing quality on your pages
